# 2018

## 2018-01-03T16:54:31.390Z - January 03, 2018 at 11:54AM

Maybe if more people would start making their spouses affairs public people might stop doing the shit. Wtf is so hard about saying I don't want to be with you and ending shit the right way? Fucking cowards

## 2018-01-04T00:47:10.106Z - Clementine I Tried to Rip You from My Mind

## 2018-01-04T04:02:20.031Z - January 03, 2018 at 11:02PM

Some of us are motivated in the right direction and some of us are motivated in the wrong direction, I however to walk a fine line between both so I can go where most people won’t. 🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯

## 2018-01-04T05:57:14.558Z - January 04, 2018 at 12:57AM

I'm going to take some time (that I have way too much of) and talk some real shit. First off, I understand that shit has gotten crazy just bare with me cause I'm bi-polar as fuck right now on top of everything else I have going on. Ever since I joined FB 11 years ago I have always told my life story and told the world how shit really is. I cant fake shit, if I'm happy you see it, if Im not happy you see that too. Why the fuck does everyone tell you to put your fake face on and smile? That's not being strong, that's just being misleading , while ignoring the underlining issues. As a person, I care way too much, forgive way too easily, love too hard, let people take advantage of me and according to my wife, have no back bone. Which is true, I hate conflict, I hate confrontation even more and I usually just avoid that shit.

So its easy to see why I let another man into my house back in April cause I thought I was doing a good thing cause he had "nowhere else to go" 10 fucking days later hes sitting on MY porch watching me move out so he could move in. lol never saw that shit coming for a second and even worse I didn't do shit about it either cause of that whole no "back bone" thing. I thought the 1st month I moved out would always be the worst month of my life and the hardest to get through and as spring turned into summer, shit was getting better for me, I lost over 50 lbs, I was doing my best to move forward, and as August rolled around I lost my job and I went backwards for a minute and THEN my wife decides she wants to come back and make shit right on August 19th which was 4 months exactly from the day I moved out. I was skeptical at 1st but she had said every single thing I wanted to hear and without me ever telling her that's what I wanted to hear. I wont go into details on that story cause everyone's going to hear that shit on my album. Basically 15 days was all that lasted before she went back to that fucktard of a boyfriend and told me that she only used me to get back at him cause she thought he was cheating on her (lol imagine that) So lets recap, I was at that stage back in august where I was beginning to accept the situation and move on from it, ironically or coincidentally was exactly when she came back.

So here I am at that same exact 4 months later point, only this time, Im not letting it go and accepting it until its on my terms. We always hear stories about how men do all the mental abuse to women but my case is defiantly the other way around. Going into our relationship I was the life of the party, I loved to hangout with people and just be my crazy self. She didn't like that part of me because she believed it drew too much attention from other women. To say she has issues with insecurity and abandonment would be a joke and an understatement. So fight after fight, night after night, I just gave up being who I was and I did try to leave many times back in 2013 but she always did 1 of 3 things, she would take my debit card so I had no money, take my phone so I couldn't call and tell anyone what was going on, or she would hide my car keys so I couldn't leave.

She had to be in control of every situation and just like everything else I just gave up my rights as a human fucking being. I learned to live my life believing that's how life was supposed to be. She would start a fight and go through my phone daily accusing me of talking to other women when I gave up talking to people in general. In her head, she was never good enough for me and I was always just looking for some hoe to be with and year after year she grew to resent me for the very same thing she fabricated in her mind and after almost 6 years of accusing me of just talking to other people, what does she do? She goes and does the one fucking thing she always said I would do and has an affair. As if that would be the worst of it, she made me into this awful person who beat the shit out of her and fucked her up mentally lol god damn when I read that post she made you better believe I wanted to make that statement a true story cause she needs something knocked into place in that fucked up head of hers. So finishing up those are just very few out of the hundreds of issues I had with her and when you live with a person with daddy issues, trust issues, and false reality issues. You dont walk away from that shit the same person as you walked into it. So my actions as to why I do and say what I do are because of these reasons and at the end of the day yeah i fucking hate tyler and will never have any respect for that lazy piece of shit but I hate my wife even more for doing this shit to me and crippling me mentally so that I am unable to move forward with my life cause I know im fucked up right now and since I still know the difference between right and wrong Im not going to fuck up somebody else until I get her issues out of my system.

That's called being responsible, caring more about not hurting someone else i...

## 2018-01-05T21:12:22.693Z - Not Gonna Lie I Slept from 8am until 330 Today and Woke up to This and it Really Irritated Me for a Minute and then I Realized My Notifications Were a Mile long and I Had a Shit Ton of Messages from People Liking My Shit. So Go Eat a Dick Stevie it’s All you’re Good at Anyways

## 2018-01-07T21:03:29.327Z - January 07, 2018 at 04:03PM

No words can explain what the fuck I’m feeling right now, the struggle I went through with my wife’s affair ended up lining me up with people who could connect and relate. Trevor was one of those people. We grew up together and we worked together and than after my life fell apart he reached out to me and helped me on so many nights I was struggling to get through. Last night he reach out for me and I tried to go see him and he ended up telling me it wasn’t a good time and that’s the last thing I heard until today when he passed away. I hope you’re finally at peace brother but we could have found that peace together in this life where your girls could have seen you turn your life around. I love you man and I’m sorry I couldn’t help you this time

## 2018-01-07T21:14:51.912Z - January 07, 2018 at 04:14PM

Back in May when my wife told me I was dead to her and that she loved Tyler more than she ever did me I wanted to make that a true statement. But I didn’t. Talking to somebody really made me see it was just a temporary feeling and even after my wife came back and did the same fucking thing in September I didn’t feel that way, I knew that one day I would be in a much better place than she is and I’ve been determined to prove that ever since. Ain’t no man or woman worth taking your life for. Fuck suicide and fuck shitty ass people who make people feel like their life doesn’t mean shit, it’s really you that we should be burying and I mean that 💯

## 2018-01-11T13:00:54.066Z - I Think One of My Favorite Things to Do is to Randomly Text People Who Piss Me off in the Middle of the Night just to Remind Them of how much They Piss Me off 😂😂😂 I Know I won’t Always Be This Bitter but Right now I’m Enjoying the Shit out of it

Dustin Smith, January 11, 2018 at 08:00AM

## 2018-01-17T05:17:39.176Z - Here’s the Thing about Life. You can’t Make Anyone See or Believe Something until They Are Ready and Willing to See it Themselves

You can tell someone how they’re going down the wrong path and that there is a better way, you could even provide proof and written facts but until that person is willing to see and accept that, your words are just falling on deaf ears.

We all want to justify our actions whether right or wrong, but there is and will always be a better way to live, even if that opportunity doesn’t come until months later.

I know I didn’t want to see the direction in which I was going because I was letting pain and anger take the wheel and I just sat back on cruise control. I was so hell bent on my need to justify that pain by revenge that I couldn’t see the path of destruction I would be leaving behind me.

When somebody hurts you in the worst way possible it doesn’t matter what you do, you will never get even because you will never be able to inflict that pain and emotion back onto that person the same way.

You could potentially destroy that persons life and career by exposing their true colors but at the end of the day is that your job?

Are you really willing to sacrifice more of your life just to get even?

I wish I could justify my actions and say that it was worth it but in the end I only lost more than where I had began.

After Trevor died my eyes finally opened to what was in front of me. I will not be remembered as someone who was so full of anger and misery.

Everything in life is a choice and most of us don’t want to accept that fact, we want to point fingers and blame anyone and everyone else, myself included sometimes.

The only thing you can change is yourself.

You cannot nor should not ever try and change someone else even if it’s for the better, you’re just wasting your time and that only leads to resentment later on.

It’s been the worst 9 months I’ve ever lived through, but I’ve also learned more about myself and life than ever before.

There is always a better way, and there is a choice in everything you do. The better way will never be the easy way.

But it will always be worth it

Dustin Smith, January 17, 2018 at 12:17AM

## 2018-02-19T13:24:11.000Z - What is Love? To Me Love Isn't just Waking up next to You and Smiling at Your Beautiful Face First Thing in the Morning. Love is Looking up to See Somebody Who Cares about You with Everything They Have even when You're Mess and Hard to Be around Isn't just about Happiness It's about Commitment, It's about Sacrifice, It's Pain, Frustration, Irritability, Love is about Doing whatever it Takes to Put a Smile on Your Lover Space when They Can't Seem to Smile at All. Love is More than just a Four Letter Word, It's More that just Something You Say to Somebody You Care about It's that Feeling You Get Deep down in Your Soul when You Would Give up Everything even Your Own Soul save the Person You Care About. It's about Fighting for what You want the Most, It's about Being Patient and Setting Your Own Pride aside even when You Believe You're Right in Certain Situations. Love is what Makes Us All Better, It's the Wind in Our Sails, the Will to Keep Going on Days when You Feel like Giving up the Most. Love is Staying up All through the Night Being Disappointed in Yourself for the way You Reacted during Conversation. Love is Beautiful.Love Is You It's Something You Feel Deep down in Your Soul when You're Lost inside Your Mind and You Feel Trapped and Empty

Feb 19, 2018, 6:53 PM

## 2018-03-07T22:49:26.000Z - 2018-03-07-054900

Nothing, Nowhere Concert

## 2018-03-10T22:30:20.500Z - Dustin Smith

I am proud to have u I’m not Tyler don’t fucking talk to me like I am

Mar 10, 2018, 5:30 PM

Stevie Linnabary

Why aren’t you proud to have me

Mar 10, 2018, 5:29 PM

Stevie Linnabary

I didn’t talk to him or download apps you don’t trust that but I’m sorry I’m not going to ever do anything like that to anybody ever again

Mar 10, 2018, 5:29 PM

Dustin Smith

What about how I feel and what I need

Mar 10, 2018, 5:29 PM

Stevie Linnabary

I told you what I need and how I feel and what’s going on so if u wanna be here then be here

Mar 10, 2018, 5:29 PM

Dustin Smith

No I don’t care what you do probably just download a fucking texting app. Sorry I fucking cared just thought u should know when I end up dead or in jail

Mar 10, 2018, 5:28 PM

Stevie Linnabary

I’m home if you wanna talk I seriously am over messaging

Mar 10, 2018, 5:28 PM

Stevie Linnabary

I did not talk to him and I will respond if you want me to and tell him to leave me the fuck alone but I don’t want him talking to me anymore or causing any other issues

Mar 10, 2018, 5:27 PM

Stevie Linnabary

Please fucking do I’ll help

Mar 10, 2018, 5:27 PM

Dustin Smith

I’m about to drive to Homer and burn that mother fuckers house down

Mar 10, 2018, 5:27 PM

## 2018-06-13T20:21:23.000Z - Letter 3

## 2018-06-27T13:02:38.000Z - December

This is the story of how I got herethe story of me without youHow I went from having everythingTo having what feels less than nothingThis is about when I spun out of control9 months ago when I moved out of our homeBack when I had never felt more aloneAnd every 5 minutes was spent checking my phoneCause I didn’t have a clue you weren’t telling the truthI just thought it was depression you were going throughAnd when Tyler showed up asking for a place to stayI opened up the door and welcomed him into our placeShould have known there was a reason others turned him away cause he’s a fucking snake who preys upon the things that’s not his to take. I remember him telling me he’d never be the one to break up my family I even fucking thanked him for his honesty, I told him I was sorry for accusing him of such a thing, I was so fucked up I believed I was just going crazy cause me and Stevie just got married and I felt so fucking stupid for being jealous over nothing but I don’t get jealous that shit just isn't me and deep down I knew there was something I had been missing and when I found that picture of their affair, all the hope I had been holding onto began to tear and I sank into the floor of my old bedroom . I swear that part of me will always be there. Cause I’m just a ghost of my old self, floating through life like I’m just dust on a shelf, I know you think writing these songs just wont help but you’ll never know what I felt when I had been giving the cards that I was dealt. I write these songs cause they are my stories to tell, like that day back in May when I had lost all hope in myself, cause if my own wife didn’t want me than why would anyone else? That same day at 10am I snuck out the back door of my work, crying so much over the shit I had just heard, when you told me the shit between us would never work and that. Tyler was your only concern. So I had made up my mind, I was either going to take his life or I was gonna take mine and there was no one who could talk me out of it this time. It’s hard to see clarity when all you want is to die, I wrote down only 5 words on how I was going to say goodbye and in that moment Travis called me just to say hi, and I know that had he never came and got me I wouldn’t be alive and that’s how this project came to light, when the last 5 words I would have ever written were “See you in another life”

airmail://message?mail=dustinthemartyr%40yahoo.com&messageid=4adb3c74-6efe-4422-96f2-2b7193911b1b%40iPhone

## 2018-07-12T07:23:00.000Z - Begin Transmission

... ...Begin Radio Transmission... ...

Now Broadcasting “Frequencies” by Hit The Reset

Hello? ... ... ... ......

Stevie, are you there? ... ...

It’s me, I didn’t know how else to reach you... ... ...

Modern technology has me blocked from you, I found a way to travel back through time by using old Fm Radio Signals...

Just like that TV Show we started watching “Frequency” Remember that shit?

I can’t change the past for us like they do in that show, but I can change our future.

You just have to find me in the airwaves.

I know that I’ve never been able to communicate with you in a way that you could ever understand me,
so I spent all this time without you, trying to figure out a way to get through to you...

Maybe you are really gone and this signal will be forever lost, but I have to try,
cause I’ll never give up on you even when you want me too.

I don’t have much time before this broadcast loses signal,
so if you’re out there listening, I have a lot I want to say in a small window of time.

... End Transmission... ...

07/12/2018 3:23 A.M.

## 2018-07-19T01:49:11.000Z - December 25, 2017 at 09:31AM

via iOS Photos https://ift.tt/2zNHcPS

## 2018-07-19T14:49:39.000Z -

via iOS Photos https://ift.tt/2uBDZxw

July 08, 2018 at 02:40AM

## 2018-09-03T19:55:32.000Z - 2018-09-03-035500

Ratchet Ass Nigga lmao

## 2018-12-03T18:00:50.000Z - TextNow - Exported Conversation with - +15178798971

2018-12-03 16:53 EST - You :You need to keep our business between us, no need to get Travis involved he's got enough shit going on right now but you wouldn't know anything about that cause you only care about yourself. I'm gonna do wtf I wanna do and I don't care how you feel or if that bothers you. You don't control me anymore and as for Lydia she was never around Clark alone and she never said that shit to him. She's a smart girl and she knows you don't like him so she was just saying that so you wouldn't be mad at her like it was her fault or some shit. You are poison and you're poisoning these girls when they didn't do shit.2018-12-03 17:23 EST - You :Where's my mom's stuff she ordered from cams fundraiser

2018-12-03 17:33 EST - +15178798971 :No i wouldn't i know that because u take every thing. Even my family from me. So cool story bro i dont care either

2018-12-03 17:33 EST - You :Lol you put me here bro. Where's my mom shit she wants to know before she calls the school

2018-12-03 17:34 EST - You :If you didn't care you wouldn't be bitching

2018-12-03 17:39 EST - You :??

2018-12-03 17:44 EST - You :Clark did nothing to those girls, regardless if he did anything to you or not. So don't even try and get him as a pedophile cause that shit ain't right.

2018-12-03 17:45 EST - You :I ain't even defending Clark I'm defending what's right and wrong and I think we both know your credibility is shit along with your intentions

2018-12-03 17:47 EST - You :I think I was right all along when I said that if you made this shit up it was to prove to Tyler you cut ties with us for good. That's fucked up, but you're right you are who you are and you can't help that shit

2018-12-03 17:58 EST - You :Yes just keep ignoring, I got better ways to get your attention 😉

2018-12-03 19:55 EST - You :Round and round in circles you go

2018-12-03 20:11 EST - You :It's that time of year again 😂😂😂

2018-12-03 20:11 EST - You :https://youtu.be/wWhvb7fsiUQ

2018-12-03 20:21 EST - You :You think you'd learn that I'm not someone to stab in the back, you should have killed me when you had the chance cause now I'm climbing out of this grave and I'm out for vengeance. Put that pretty face on display of who you really are. BET

2018-12-05 15:03 EST - +15178798971 :Are you able to take rayna and lydia tonight please my mom has an appointment tomorrow and cant watch rayna

2018-12-05 15:03 EST - +15178798971 :At least rayna if you cant get lydia to school

2018-12-05 15:05 EST - You :Can't got court tomorrow morning and probably gonna go to jail so good kucj

2018-12-05 15:22 EST - +15178798971 :Ok cool. Guess ill figure it out like i always do.

2018-12-05 15:23 EST - You :Yeah good for you

2018-12-05 17:00 EST - +15178798971 :I need my firestick for the girls, can you somehow tell your mom. Ive got the stuff for her from cams fundraiser too if we cab just trade off. Also needtheir mattresses abd cams matress

2018-12-06 14:32 EST - +15178798971 :need to know if you are home so i can bring you the girls tonight. Please let me know.

2018-12-06 14:38 EST - You :I'm at the county clerk getting birth certificate than I have to go to secretary of state and get proof of status for my license than I have to get it to civil court clerk by 4pm or they're going to issue a warrant. Don't know when I'll be back, heaters won't stay running in rv so I have no heat and my mom said I can't bring girls to her house now cause Clark is afraid you're going to try and get him charged as a pedophile. So wtf am I supposed to do. You caused such a fucking shit storm for 3

2018-12-06 14:39 EST - You :Me*

2018-12-06 14:42 EST - +15178798971 :I didn't cause the clark shitstorm dustin and i told you they can be with you wherever you are but never alone with that sick fuck

2018-12-06 14:43 EST - +15178798971 :ool i deal with everything all i need is you to have them thursday night until sunday night

2018-12-06 14:45 EST - You :You deal with everything? Bitch you put me in a situation that I have no control over. Stop fucking bitching like you're the one who got screwed over. I'm trying to figure shit out but first and foremost is trying to stay

2018-12-06 14:45 EST - +15178798971 :I need to keep my job for their sake and its not fair that i carry the weight of it all financially and i need to work the next 3 days! I get them to sch

2018-12-06 14:46 EST - +15178798971 :Ok well i guess let me know when you are taking them and if not tonight then im going to file for child support i cant fucking afford daycare without help and i work those days.

2018-12-06 14:57 EST - You :I'm trying to stay out of jail right now, can't fucking help you if I'm in jail right now can I?

2018-12-06 14:58 EST - You :But if you wanna go to friend of the court and fuck me over even more than go ahead, all you've done is fuck me over so I wouldn't put it past you

2018-12-06 14:58 EST - +15178798971 :So let me know when you figure ...

## 2018-12-03T21:33:13.000Z -

2018-12-03 16:53 EST - You :
You need to keep our business between us, no need to get Travis involved he's got enough shit going on right now but you wouldn't know anything about that cause you only care about yourself. I'm gonna do wtf I wanna do and I don't care how you feel or if that bothers you. You don't control me anymore and as for Lydia she was never around Clark alone and she never said that shit to him. She's a smart girl and she knows you don't like him so she was just saying that so you wouldn't be mad at her like it was her fault or some shit. You are poison and you're poisoning these girls when they didn't do shit.

2018-12-03 17:23 EST - You :
Where's my mom's stuff she ordered from cams fundraiser

2018-12-03 17:33 EST - +15178798971 :
No i wouldn't i know that because u take every thing. Even my family from me. So cool story bro i dont care either

2018-12-03 17:33 EST - You :
Lol you put me here bro. Where's my mom shit she wants to know before she calls the school

2018-12-03 17:34 EST - You :
If you didn't care you wouldn't be bitching

2018-12-03 17:39 EST - You :
??

2018-12-03 17:44 EST - You :
Clark did nothing to those girls, regardless if he did anything to you or not. So don't even try and get him as a pedophile cause that shit ain't right.

2018-12-03 17:45 EST - You :
I ain't even defending Clark I'm defending what's right and wrong and I think we both know your credibility is shit along with your intentions

2018-12-03 17:47 EST - You :
I think I was right all along when I said that if you made this shit up it was to prove to Tyler you cut ties with us for good. That's fucked up, but you're right you are who you are and you can't help that shit

2018-12-03 17:58 EST - You :
Yes just keep ignoring, I got better ways to get your attention 😉

2018-12-03 19:55 EST - You :
Round and round in circles you go

2018-12-03 20:11 EST - You :
It's that time of year again 😂😂😂
2018-12-03 20:11 EST - You :
https://youtu.be/wWhvb7fsiUQ

2018-12-03 20:21 EST - You :
You think you'd learn that I'm not someone to stab in the back, you should have killed me when you had the chance cause now I'm climbing out of this grave and I'm out for vengeance. Put that pretty face on display of who you really are. BET

## 2018-12-04T03:18:59.000Z - 2018-12-03 16:53 EST -

You :
You need to keep our business between us, no need to get Travis involved he's got enough shit going on right now but you wouldn't know anything about that cause you only care about yourself. I'm gonna do wtf I wanna do and I don't care how you feel or if that bothers you. You don't control me anymore and as for Lydia she was never around Clark alone and she never said that shit to him. She's a smart girl and she knows you don't like him so she was just saying that so you wouldn't be mad at her like it was her fault or some shit. You are poison and you're poisoning these girls when they didn't do shit.

2018-12-03 17:23 EST - You :
Where's my mom's stuff she ordered from cams fundraiser

2018-12-03 17:33 EST - +15178798971 :
No i wouldn't i know that because u take every thing. Even my family from me. So cool story bro i dont care either

2018-12-03 17:33 EST - You :
Lol you put me here bro. Where's my mom shit she wants to know before she calls the school

2018-12-03 17:34 EST - You :
If you didn't care you wouldn't be bitching

2018-12-03 17:39 EST - You :
??

2018-12-03 17:44 EST - You :
Clark did nothing to those girls, regardless if he did anything to you or not. So don't even try and get him as a pedophile cause that shit ain't right.

2018-12-03 17:45 EST - You :
I ain't even defending Clark I'm defending what's right and wrong and I think we both know your credibility is shit along with your intentions

2018-12-03 17:47 EST - You :
I think I was right all along when I said that if you made this shit up it was to prove to Tyler you cut ties with us for good. That's fucked up, but you're right you are who you are and you can't help that shit

2018-12-03 17:58 EST - You :
Yes just keep ignoring, I got better ways to get your attention 😉

2018-12-03 19:55 EST - You :
Round and round in circles you go

2018-12-03 20:11 EST - You :
It's that time of year again 😂😂😂

2018-12-03 20:11 EST - You :https://youtu.be/wWhvb7fsiUQ

2018-12-03 20:21 EST - You :
You think you'd learn that I'm not someone to stab in the back, you should have killed me when you had the chance cause now I'm climbing out of this grave and I'm out for vengeance. Put that pretty face on display of who you really are. BET

2018-12-05 15:03 EST - +15178798971 :
Are you able to take rayna and lydia tonight please my mom has an appointment tomorrow and cant watch rayna

2018-12-05 15:03 EST - +15178798971 :
At least rayna if you cant get lydia to school

2018-12-05 15:05 EST - You :
Can't got court tomorrow morning and probably gonna go to jail so good kucj

2018-12-05 15:22 EST - +15178798971 :
Ok cool. Guess ill figure it out like i always do.

2018-12-05 15:23 EST - You :
Yeah good for you

2018-12-05 17:00 EST - +15178798971 :
I need my firestick for the girls, can you somehow tell your mom. Ive got the stuff for her from cams fundraiser too if we cab just trade off. Also needtheir mattresses abd cams matress

2018-12-06 14:32 EST - +15178798971 :
need to know if you are home so i can bring you the girls tonight. Please let me know.

2018-12-06 14:38 EST - You :
I'm at the county clerk getting birth certificate than I have to go to secretary of state and get proof of status for my license than I have to get it to civil court clerk by 4pm or they're going to issue a warrant. Don't know when I'll be back, heaters won't stay running in rv so I have no heat and my mom said I can't bring girls to her house now cause Clark is afraid you're going to try and get him charged as a pedophile. So wtf am I supposed to do. You caused such a fucking shit storm for 3

2018-12-06 14:39 EST - You :
Me*

2018-12-06 14:42 EST - +15178798971 :
I didn't cause the clark shitstorm dustin and i told you they can be with you wherever you are but never alone with that sick fuck

2018-12-06 14:43 EST - +15178798971 :
ool i deal with everything all i need is you to have them thursday night until sunday night

2018-12-06 14:45 EST - You :
You deal with everything? Bitch you put me in a situation that I have no control over. Stop fucking bitching like you're the one who got screwed over. I'm trying to figure shit out but first and foremost is trying to stay

2018-12-06 14:45 EST - +15178798971 :
I need to keep my job for their sake and its not fair that i carry the weight of it all financially and i need to work the next 3 days! I get them to sch

2018-12-06 14:46 EST - +15178798971 :
Ok well i guess let me know when you are taking them and if not tonight then im going to file for child support i cant fucking afford daycare without help and i work those days.

2018-12-06 14:57 EST - You :
I'm trying to stay out of jail right now, can't fucking help you if I'm in jail right now can I?

2018-12-06 14:58 EST - You :
But if you wanna go to friend of the court and fuck me over even more than go ahead, all you've done is fuck me over so I wouldn't put it past you

2018-12-06 14:58 EST - +15178798971 :
So let me know when you figure it out and if you a...

## 2018-12-05T21:33:57.000Z -

2018-12-05 15:03 EST - +15178798971 :
Are you able to take rayna and lydia tonight please my mom has an appointment tomorrow and cant watch rayna

2018-12-05 15:03 EST - +15178798971 :
At least rayna if you cant get lydia to school

2018-12-05 15:05 EST - You :
Can't got court tomorrow morning and probably gonna go to jail so good kucj

2018-12-05 15:22 EST - +15178798971 :
Ok cool. Guess ill figure it out like i always do.

2018-12-05 15:23 EST - You :
Yeah good for you

2018-12-05 17:00 EST - +15178798971 :
I need my firestick for the girls, can you somehow tell your mom. Ive got the stuff for her from cams fundraiser too if we cab just trade off. Also needtheir mattresses abd cams matress

## 2018-12-06T21:37:26.000Z -

2018-12-06 14:32 EST - +15178798971 :
need to know if you are home so i can bring you the girls tonight. Please let me know.

2018-12-06 14:38 EST - You :
I'm at the county clerk getting birth certificate than I have to go to secretary of state and get proof of status for my license than I have to get it to civil court clerk by 4pm or they're going to issue a warrant. Don't know when I'll be back, heaters won't stay running in rv so I have no heat and my mom said I can't bring girls to her house now cause Clark is afraid you're going to try and get him charged as a pedophile. So wtf am I supposed to do. You caused such a fucking shit storm for 3

2018-12-06 14:39 EST - You :
Me*

2018-12-06 14:42 EST - +15178798971 :
I didn't cause the clark shitstorm dustin and i told you they can be with you wherever you are but never alone with that sick fuck

2018-12-06 14:43 EST - +15178798971 :
ool i deal with everything all i need is you to have them thursday night until sunday night

2018-12-06 14:45 EST - You :
You deal with everything? Bitch you put me in a situation that I have no control over. Stop fucking bitching like you're the one who got screwed over. I'm trying to figure shit out but first and foremost is trying to stay

2018-12-06 14:45 EST - +15178798971 :
I need to keep my job for their sake and its not fair that i carry the weight of it all financially and i need to work the next 3 days! I get them to sch

2018-12-06 14:46 EST - +15178798971 :
Ok well i guess let me know when you are taking them and if not tonight then im going to file for child support i cant fucking afford daycare without help and i work those days.

2018-12-06 14:57 EST - You :
I'm trying to stay out of jail right now, can't fucking help you if I'm in jail right now can I?

2018-12-06 14:58 EST - You :
But if you wanna go to friend of the court and fuck me over even more than go ahead, all you've done is fuck me over so I wouldn't put it past you

2018-12-06 14:58 EST - +15178798971 :
So let me know when you figure it out and if you are not takong them tonight.

2018-12-06 15:05 EST - You :
If you take any legal action what happens if CPS wants to do a house visit then what? Do you not think of the repercussions at all?

2018-12-06 15:08 EST - You :
I'm not trying to fuck you over at all. I'm trying to get to a place where I can take and help the girls without assistance from anybody but I'm not there yet. Stop fucking treating me like I don't care about the girls or want to help them

2018-12-06 15:16 EST - +15178798971 :
So if you dont go to jail can you please take them so i dont lose their only source of income

2018-12-06 15:20 EST - You :
I can watch them while you work but I can't keep the heat working over night in the RV it's too cold for them, so if you wanna drop them off in the morning and pick them up in the evening we can make that work

2018-12-06 15:24 EST - You :
I don't have any food or clothes for them either. I literally got nothing. You're making this shit so much more difficult on everyone. If CPS we're to show up at the RV those girls are getting taken away from both of us

2018-12-06 15:32 EST - +15178798971 :
I dont have the gas money to do that shit every day. Why dpnt you stay at your moms and keep the girls away from clark it cant be that hard

2018-12-06 15:33 EST - +15178798971 :
But no worries ill jump through hoops and do everything so you can get YOUR shit together bevause the shit youre going through is yours not mine.

2018-12-06 15:34 EST - You :
You out me where I'm at don't forget tgat

2018-12-06 15:34 EST - You :
Ok bro

2018-12-06 15:34 EST - You :
Put

2018-12-06 15:35 EST - +15178798971 :
Well i guess be ready at 5:30am.

2018-12-06 15:35 EST - You :
K

2018-12-06 15:36 EST - +15178798971 :
And i didn't put you anywhere. You choose to not get a job and get through any bullshit so its just a pile of shit that you ultimately cause and settle with.

2018-12-06 15:36 EST - You :
K

2018-12-06 15:36 EST - You :
I had a plan to get on my feet you took that from me

2018-12-06 15:37 EST - You :
Everything you said was a lie

2018-12-06 15:37 EST - You :
All the Tyler shit all the Clark shit everything dude

2018-12-06 15:37 EST - +15178798971 :
What your mom? Clark? That's not on them either

2018-12-06 15:39 EST - You :
Go ahead and get the courts involved just know if I go I'm taking your ass with me and neither of us will get to see our kids

2018-12-06 15:54 EST - +15178798971 :
Yes i will, you have no idea. I have my shit together for them that is what parents do.

2018-12-06 15:59 EST - You :
Ok

2018-12-06 15:59 EST - You :
See you in court then

2018-12-06 16:00 EST - +15178798971 :
Wow. All i fucking need is your help 3 days a fucking week. Whatever dude.

2018-12-06 16:00 EST - You :
Bye

2018-12-06 20:34 EST - +15178798971 :
I will be there in the morning at 5:30, i cant leave them here with my mom she cant do it every single day i work, ill get them but they need to be withu while im wo...

## 2018-12-07T21:42:36.000Z -

2018-12-07 09:26 EST - You :
What the hell I thought you were going to be here and drop the girls off this morning

2018-12-07 09:40 EST - +15178798971 :
No i dont have the timenor gas to afford to do that.

2018-12-07 09:41 EST - You :
Ok well don't say you're gonna do something if you're not gonna do it

2018-12-07 09:44 EST - +15178798971 :
Speak for yourself.

2018-12-07 09:47 EST - You :
I was going to watch them it's 40 degrees in the RV do you really want them staying over night in that?

2018-12-07 09:57 EST - +15178798971 :
I can buy a heater for it. They cant be at ryans tonight he will have all hos kids and they'll have no where to sleep.

2018-12-07 10:00 EST - You :
The heater is not the issue, it's the breaker, it keeps tripping and I don't know why, so if I'm not here during the day and it trips, than it gets super cold and it's been tripping in the middle of the night when I'm sleeping it sucks.

2018-12-07 10:06 EST - +15178798971 :
Can they stay at your momswith you

2018-12-07 11:44 EST - You :
I don't even have a place to stay now thanks to you. Travis just came at me and got your words all twisted up, I'm fucking done with this shit all you want to do is cause drama and fighting so congrats you win in fucking done. I'll go be homeloess now

2018-12-07 12:09 EST - +15178798971 :
No reason youd be homeless and no reason to be mad i didn't lie at all

2018-12-07 12:09 EST - You :
Can't go to my mom's where else am I going fuck you

2018-12-07 12:10 EST - You :
Don't worry your fairy tale gonna be just fine cause I'm staying the fuck out of everyone's life

2018-12-07 12:12 EST - +15178798971 :
Told you the girls can be with you just not alone with clark. I haven't made any police reports because it wont do any good anyways.

2018-12-07 12:13 EST - You :
I don't give a fuck what you say anymore all you have done is deliberately try and ruin my life so congrats you win

2018-12-07 12:59 EST - You :
I left whatever I found of yours in the RV there's cams bear and some of his clothes and shit

2018-12-07 13:00 EST - +15178798971 :
Cool. So i take it you aren't going to have the girls at all.

2018-12-07 13:01 EST - You :
At the homeless shelter? Sure drop em off bro

2018-12-07 13:01 EST - You :
Why don't you go run your mouth off some more and see how much better you can make life for everyone

2018-12-07 13:02 EST - You :
I don't have minutes I'm using text plus off WiFi so until I'm on wifi you won't be able to reach me

2018-12-07 13:17 EST - +15178798971 :
Well i dont think u needed to leave. I just told him that every time i try to get you to take the girls it turns into you calling me a liar about everything including the clark shit. That's not a fucking lie and you know it. All i want is your help with the girls and to somehow make it happen so i dont lose my job or end up homeless and then they wont have a place to be at all.

2018-12-07 13:18 EST - You :
P

2018-12-07 13:18 EST - You :
Well too late for all that I'm gone now

2018-12-07 13:47 EST - +15178798971 :
You need to figure it out my mom is fucking pissed im going to get fired i will have to call in tomorrow

2018-12-07 14:23 EST - You :
Don't ever fucking tell me what I need to do again

2018-12-07 14:31 EST - +15178798971 :
Ok then the state will.

2018-12-07 14:38 EST - You :
Then involve the state. Told you, you pushed me too far this time. Good luck

2018-12-07 14:39 EST - You :
Lose my number hoe
