# 2019

## 2019-02-15T05:28:07.000Z - I Have This Recurring Dream Every Night

That I'm in another life and you're at my bedside
I hear our kids calling out for mom and dad
As they rush in our rooms and nobody is sad

I feel loved, I feel enough, I feel like I hit a gold Rush
Life isn't rough, I feel your touch there's no better outcome

## 2019-02-15T05:41:11.000Z - I Have This Recurring Dream Every Night

That I'm in another life and you're at my bedside
I hear our kids calling out for mom and dad
As they rush in our rooms and nobody is sad

I feel loved, I feel enough, I feel like I hit a gold Rush
Life isn't rough, I feel your touch there's no better outcome

I'm back at my old job perfect attendance and all
Got my own office with our family picture on the wall
And my mom called just to say she was proud of me
And that I was so blessed to have such a loving family

This is it, I finally made it, I achieved everything I've been chasin
I've never been so high, I feel so alive coming home to those I love every night

And just as I get in the drive way I hear the radio turn to static
And I when I look up I see our house has turned into nothing but ashes
And there's a siren going off as if to warn me to find somewhere safe
And as I start to run the ground begins to fold by an earthquake
And by then it's too late cause im falling down to what must be my fate
And just before death takes me, I see my wife tell me it's time for me to awake

I open my eyes and there's no one at my bedside
And now I really wish that dream was real and I had just died
Nobody knows me better than my own mind, so why does it want me to hate my life

Just let me sleep, let me be happy in that dream for eternity.

## 2019-02-15T09:10:23.000Z - We All Float down here

Girl why you hit my phone,
After leaving me alone?
What is there say
When there ain't shit you can change?

What's done is done
All that love is gone
Made me feel I don't belong
So dont you try and lead me on

Round and round we go
I tried so hard to let you go
And the second we end up alone
I'm a mess and I lose control
But I just want you to know
That I'm sorry for all I wrote
It's the only way that I know
how to fucking cope
When the pain it grabs ahold
and my life it starts to choke
feel like hanging by a rope
I should matter but I don't
as it rains I go for a stroll
And I grab my yellow coat
And like Georgie I will float
Just Like that paper boat
I wish you that could change
But I know you fucking won't
Our fate is has been told
And that box will stay closed
If you still care at all
Don't ever let me know

Please don't call me anymore
Please don't act like I'm alive
Please forget my fucking face
Please just hate me all the time

It's the only way I can move on
It's our only chance to be happy
So I'll play like I'm dead and gone
So you can finally set us free

as it rains, out the door I go
But not without my yellow coat
Cause down here we all float
Just like that paper boat
The one my brother made
Right before I met my fate

If you're pennywise, than I must be a ghost
Legend goes that down here we all float
Guess now I know, lost my arm and my soul
Fucking clown, I hate you now but you already know

Just Like that paper boat
If you're pennywise, than I must be ghost
Cause I found myself trapped down in this hole

You can drag me down a hole
But you won't get my soul
Cause my heart is made of gold
And this story will be told
Stephen king already knows
It's his story I rewrote

## 2019-02-15T15:36:13.000Z - February 15 2019

2019-02-15 07:40 EST - You :

Hey it's Dustin, my phone got shut off till I go to town. Is Tyler picking up the girls from Heather or are you?

2019-02-15 07:48 EST - You :

Depending on what happens today if he picks them up a few hrs before you get out of work he could drop them off here

2019-02-15 08:07 EST - +15178798971 :

I am supposed to but i will ask him

2019-02-15 08:07 EST - +15178798971 :

I'm sick too

2019-02-15 08:08 EST - You :

He ain't with you?

2019-02-15 08:09 EST - +15178798971 :

No I'm omw to work

2019-02-15 08:09 EST - You :

I thought he dropped you off or some shit cause u ain't got no heat

2019-02-15 08:10 EST - +15178798971 :

We are bundled up

2019-02-15 08:11 EST - +15178798971 :

Heat blows at 70mph

2019-02-15 08:12 EST - You :

Anyways I was just making sure, don't ask him about picking up the girls and save this number in your phone as Richards new number. I just needed you to have a way to reach me for emergencies n shit without causing a damn fight

2019-02-15 08:13 EST - +15178798971 :

I already asked him lol

2019-02-15 08:15 EST - You :

Shit guess that was smooth on my end

2019-02-15 08:18 EST - You :

I just did the opposite of what I was trying to accomplish and created a an issue for you. So now what

2019-02-15 08:19 EST - You :

He's gonna wanna see all of these

2019-02-15 08:25 EST - You :

I saw this meme the other day that was like "when you block your ex on all social media and they hit you up on eBay" I was like lol that's me

2019-02-15 08:25 EST - +15178798971 :

Hahaha

2019-02-15 08:26 EST - +15178798971 :

I saw that before

2019-02-15 08:26 EST - +15178798971 :

Drinking still sorry

2019-02-15 08:26 EST - You :

Lol hope not

2019-02-15 08:26 EST - You :
Driving maybe?

2019-02-15 08:28 EST - You :

Do you work at 8:30 or 9?

2019-02-15 08:31 EST - +15178798971 :

8:30 to 5

2019-02-15 08:32 EST - You :

So u late

2019-02-15 08:32 EST - +15178798971 :

I will likely text back slowly. I dont plan on showing tyler my messages

2019-02-15 08:32 EST - +15178798971 :

Nope 8:29 my nigga

2019-02-15 08:33 EST - You :

Need another way to message then. Make a new IG Account

2019-02-15 08:42 EST - You :

By the way this morning when I get home I found a few hundred pictures from one of your digital cameras that I don't think have ever seen the light of day at least not to me it's crazy

2019-02-15 08:44 EST - You :

Image message

2019-02-15 08:45 EST - You :

Image message

2019-02-15 08:46 EST - You :

Image message

2019-02-15 08:47 EST - You :

Image message

2019-02-15 08:53 EST - You :

I've got 100 million photos of you and the kids I've been archiving for you, I'm pretty sure most of them you don't have anymore, too much of your life and their life would be missing without them

2019-02-15 08:55 EST - +15178798971 :

Thank you. Im at work now cant text much but i appreciate that

2019-02-15 08:56 EST - +15178798971 :

Had to delete dylans immediately

2019-02-15 08:56 EST - +15178798971 :

I feel like u knew that tho

2019-02-15 08:57 EST - +15178798971 :

All this shit with lydia sick and the way tyler acted i just really fucking hate it. I will not become someone like him. I cant

2019-02-15 09:00 EST - You :

I know

2019-02-15 09:01 EST - You :

I always know

2019-02-15 09:01 EST - You :

Even when I don't lol

2019-02-15 09:01 EST - +15178798971 :

Always feel like im doong the right thing and then im wrong

2019-02-15 09:01 EST - +15178798971 :

Like i knew all this shit but also know i was going through some shit. But then i get in more shit. Its shitty

2019-02-15 09:02 EST - You :

Lol

2019-02-15 09:02 EST - You :

I dk if you were trying to be funny there but it came off humorous so I apologise if you weren't going for that lol

2019-02-15 09:03 EST - +15178798971 :

Yes i was lol

2019-02-15 09:04 EST - +15178798971 :

Im so sick cant stop coughong

2019-02-15 09:08 EST - You :

I think maybe you should marry Tyler, and then every few months we can hangout and have a blast and some laughs but not long enough to where we get sick of each other but long enough to remember there's still good in both of us and of course that life could be worse lol

2019-02-15 09:11 EST - You :

That was my attempt at humor btw

2019-02-15 09:14 EST - You :

Just out of curiosity, did you have anything to do with Clark getting fired from conagra?

2019-02-15 09:23 EST - You :

Things are really bad here. That night you dropped the girls off with Tyler's kids and asked if I could take the car seats, me and my mom had huge fight cause I left work early, and instead of asking me what was going on or asking me in any sort of nice manner, she came at me on 💯 like she did to you when she gave you those eviction papers. Got in my face and said "why the fuck are you not at work! Did you fucking quit again just so I have to take care of you" and all kinds of horrible shit and it just triggered some major PTSD in me and I hulked the fuck ou...

## 2019-02-16T00:04:47.000Z - Stevie Marie..

7 years later I'm still writing about you.
Nobody will ever out last you.

Wake up

## 2019-02-16T20:19:44.000Z - Gone Savage

These days are cold, I hate the snow and the fact I'm gonna grow old all alone. Tell me where do you go when no place feels like home cause you're only home was inside somebody who left long ago?

I think back to 26, the year you gave me our first kiss and now you're 26 and I wonder who it is you miss. How did things get like this, how did we get so distant?

## 2019-02-17T20:57:31.000Z - I'm not Sure how or why You Think I'm Holding Myself together Pretty well Cause I'm Really Not. I'm Still Struggling, the Days Are Still Dark, I Still Feel Stuck Cause I Am Stuck. I'm Still Me and Who I've Always Been. I'm Making Efforts to Change, Making Efforts to See Things Differently, Making Efforts to Take Care of Shit before It's Too Late, but the Struggle is Real. Old Habits Have a way of Embedding Themselves into Who We Are and You Know Better than Any of Us how Hard that Shit is to Change. I've Made Progress but It's Slow Progress and I Guess I Should Be Thankful for That. I Suppose My Biggest Accomplishment Has Been Accepting Responsibility for where I Am now and My Situation. I no Longer Blame You for My Misfortunes or My Actions and That's a Good Thing Cause I Realized the More I Blamed You for That, the More I Did Nothing to Try and Change it

## 2019-02-19T10:40:43.000Z - Life Goes on Bro

Tell me are you in or are you out?
I just wanna know so I don't have no doubts

Shut the door, hit the floor
Don't wanna feel this anymore
Cause every time I do
I just think of you
And the shit that we been through

Late nights on my phone
And I'm just missing you
And I miss my only home
Wonder if you miss me too

After all we've been through
It's hard to believe I still love you
But it's true yes I do

## 2019-02-19T19:32:44.000Z - Meet You in Montauk

This is temporary, everything that surrounds me.
This feeling of depression is a lesson I couldn't see.
Needed space to grow, needed room to breathe.
I'm turning something out of nothing just watch me

I'm done with all the blame and done with all the hate
Done with everything that has kept me in place
I take my pain and the things I cannot change
and use it to create a better way cause that's my fate.

I am a light, I'm here to guide you, I'm here to show you there's more to life than what they told you

## 2019-02-19T19:40:46.780Z - http://bit.ly/2V0UpdE

## 2019-02-19T20:40:51.144Z - http://bit.ly/2BKB5u3

## 2019-02-23T00:06:07.000Z - Taking This time to Try and Fix My Mind

Trying to get myself right back in line

## 2019-02-27T04:40:37.192Z - Sigh

https://ift.tt/2SpupqM

## 2019-03-01T10:33:02.000Z - Love of Mine

what's going through your mind?
Cause It's always you that's all up in mine.
I wish I could erase the last two years of our lives
cause we failed and tried and could never get it right
But I swear this time, things will turn out work out fine
Cause you are my only home and you'll be my only wife cause baby yeah you're my whole life and I love you. I'll always love you.

Fuck the past, let's burn it with a match.
I know that we cannot act like we didn't do shit that we cannot take back and you know that's a fact but I still love you through all of that,

every imperfection, every misconception, every flaw, every moment I loved you through it all and this time if you fall, I'll be there to catch you cause this time I'll stand tall

and I won't ever let you down again cause you know that you're my best friend and that will never change even when I'm buried in the cemetery weather together with our names on the same grave.

Till death do us part you've always had my heart, right from the start.

We both made mistakes, we both have shit we need to change, we both got issues that we need to face and I'm ready this time I'll do anything,
Just to wake up everyday to that beautiful face. You're my saving grace and I'll always want you more each and every day and that won't ever change cause I love you I'll always love you

I try to pass the time by reminiscing on our life.
I know we fell apart cause we never could get it right
but I swear on everything we can make it work this time
I gave up on myself and I let you down,
You tried to hold me up when you were starting to drown

## 2019-03-02T01:54:58.000Z - Every Day I Try to Change

I try to get myself out of my old ways
but shit just stays the same
and I just sit here and complain
that life just isn't fair
That I won't ever compare
To those other guys over there

My mind is fucked and I'm fucking stuck
In this rutcause everything just sucks

## 2019-03-02T01:54:58.000Z - Every Day that Goes by without You

Feels like a life time

## 2019-03-02T06:24:24.000Z - My Dearest Wife

I know right now it's not possible to have any deep lengthy conversations with each other, your life is so busy because of all the things you have to do for the kids and work and my life is just the opposite, other than work, all I have is nothing but too much time on my hands and with all that time I spend almost all of it thinking about you. I think about your smile, the way your eyes light up when you're happy, the way you do so much for everyone but yourself. I think about how I wasted so much of our life on music and electronics when all you ever wanted was my attention and my affection. I think about all the times you were opening up to me and talking about how you were feeling and how I always took it as an insult or in a negative way against me and instead of understanding and listening I got angry and sad. I think about all the fights and how I believed the only solution was to just walk out the door and leave you all by yourself, instead of addressing the issues.

I've always known how much I love you. I've always known there would be no one else for me but you. I guess being so sure of that made it really hard to understand why you never believed it. I now realize that because of those facts, it made me lazy in an effort to actually show you how I felt. We came from different worlds and different beliefs and we are both as stubborn as can be.

We've been through so much together, we have had so much together and we have lost so much together. We've been through more shit in 7 years than a lot of people do their entire life. I have the ability to forgive and forget and you have the ability to remember every detail of every situation from every time period. In a way I suppose both of our abilities are more of a curse than anything else.

## 2019-03-02T20:32:26.000Z - Baby You Know that I'm here for You

Just keep it real and keep me in the loop
There's nothing I won't do for you
You know I've always been here for you

It's true, you're everything to me
Even after all that we been through
And I always knew that you were the glue
That held me together and that's the truth

I know you're doing your best
And this situation you're in got you depressed
I know you need some peace and some rest
I know that you stressed
I know you feel like you're a mess
No need to confess I know you got shit you regret
I ain't no quiz so no this ain't no test
Just remember deep down you are blessed
And ever since I met you I've been obsessed
Who would have thought, who could have guessed, that somehow you landed on my life's quest?

Let's make a deal, Keep it real, always feel, try and heal, Mass appeal, heart of steel, youre a que

## 2019-03-03T03:06:42.000Z - I Wrote a Hundred Songs in the Last 3 Months

Most of them were shit but I don't care too much.

## 2019-03-03T03:06:42.000Z - Revision II

I wrote a hundred songs in the last 3 months
Most of them were shit but I don't give a fuck
cause to me they were just enough
for the nights I couldn't overcome.

It was my way to cope when I had no hope, thought a lot about that rope
and that ain't no joke,
most of my words went unheard
cause I choked,
this ain't the life I chose.
I just wanted you to know
that ever since you left,
time it moves slow.
I been trying to grow
but get caught in the undertow,
I don't want to let you go
and you need to know....

That deep down I'm still hurtin,
some days my life seems uncertain
while I hide behind these fucking curtains,
we been steady flirtin
but lately I feel I'm a burden,
so fucked up I'm swervin,
I see the curves but don't know if I'm turnin.

God damn, I miss you every day,
that beautiful face and our home that's now a vacant place.
I wish I could erase both of our mistakes,
I wish that we had changed our ways
but most of all I wish you had stayed
cause I needed you when I lost my way
and every now and then I go back to that day and I hate everything.

I'm sorry that I gave up on myself,
I'm sorry I put that weight on you and made life hell.
I'm sorry for all the times I got consumed by my music,
I'm sorry I couldn't help you get through your own shit.

I'm sorry that I let you down
and that you felt you needed somebody else cause I wouldn't listen or give you more affection,
when I should have been given more than you were gettin,
Cause all you ever wanted was my attention.

All that weight, all that pain, all the blame,
it's not all on you,
I own my faults cause I fucked up too.
I still love you, I still want you,
I wonder how you're doing
Cause I still miss you.

One day I hope that we can start fresh
And move past all of that mess
And finally find a way to forgive and forget
I will admit, I have to still grow up a bit
And find a way to change my shit
Cause even I'm gettin sick of it
Always throwin a fit about how life's a bitch.
Be a better man and make better plans so we can actually start to fix this.

I miss your kiss and your eyes
when they light up like the sunshine,
I miss you all the time. I miss you being mine and that smile when everything feels right and our souls come together and we take flight into the night until the sun rise,
baby we gon be alright, it just takes time.
Need to heal our minds and change our lives

And get to know each other all over again, cause we not the same people we were when we met.

I want to know everything about you
So this time I know the best way to love you
And I will never judge you
or use your faults against you,
this time I only want to help you.

Tear down those walls
and build trust so that if you ever fall,
you won't even worry at all
cause I'll be there to catch you
And make sure when you land you stand tall.

Our last chapter ended in tragedy
Cause we never took "how to love" at the academy
and I don't ever want you to be mad at me,
I just want you to be proud of me and for us to always live happily.

Ever after, it ain't now or never. it's forever.

Till death do us part, through sickness and health,
we'll never be poor cause we'll be each other's wealth
You're my better half who showed me heaven when I was destined for hell.
and I promise this time when we die, our story they will tell.

A real life fairy tale that ended well.

## 2019-03-03T03:06:42.000Z - Legit Beatz

I wrote a hundred songs in the last 3 months
Most of them were shit but I don't care too much.

It was my way to cope when I had no hope, thought a lot about that rope and that ain't no joke, most of my words went unheard cause I choked, this ain't the life I chose I just wanted you to know that ever since you left time it moves slow. I been trying to grow but get caught in the undertow, I don't want to let you go and you need to know....

That deep down I'm still hurtin, some days my life seems uncertain while I hide behind the curtains, we been steady flirtin but lately I feel I'm a burden, so fucked up I'm swervin, I see the curves don't know if I'm turnin.

God damn, I miss you every day, that beautiful face and our home that's now a vacant place. I wish I could erase both of our mistakes, I wish that we had changed our ways but most of all I wish you stayed

## 2019-03-06T00:19:20.000Z - I Wonder what You Think about when You Think of Me

I wonder if Its me that you see when you're dreaming
I wonder if you wonder if I still think of you
I wonder what you'd think if I said I still love you

Every day I still think about you
And every night I still dream about you
We made a vow in the cemetery weather
That when our time comes we'll be buried together

I know you left in the worst way
Couldn't stay and baby that's ok.
Call it fate or call it change
if losing me is what it takes
To bring you back to me
Than it was worth the pain and all the heartache.

The odds are stacked against us
I just want to know I'll be enough
Can only build a foundation off trust
Take my hand and promise you won't give up

Me and you and you and me
Only thing
that's ever made
sense to me
Can we just
start over please
And Be
strangers again
like we used to be

## 2019-03-07T07:08:55.000Z - Stevie, I'm Really Sorry for Everything Wrong I Did the 5 Years We Were Together. Talking to Kristin behind Your back and Looking Her Up. All the Bullshit, All the times I Made You Feel like Shit or that there Was Something Wrong with You for Being Who You Are. I Can't Ever Go back and Change Any of that no Matter how much I Wish I Could

I know and I truly believe that there was a long period of our relationship that your heart loved me to the fullest capacity, that you wanted me and only me and nobody would ever and change that.

I'm sorry I made you feel so empty and lost that I made that fire burn out for me and sent you searching down a new path looking for all the things I was lacking.

I'm sorry that I couldn't keep my anger and pain in check and be the bigger person when you left. I wanted to hurt you the same way you hurt me and I now realize that isn't love. I wish I had done things differently, I wish I had used all the thousands of hours I wasted in my room writing shitty music about you in a better way. I lost so much time I'll never get back and for what? To get even? That's never what I wanted. I never meant to hurt you those first 5 years and I never wanted to hurt you after. I fucked up too, I always speak of a better way and when life is at it's hardest and saddest and it's at the worst possible place, I never follow through on taking the higher road. I hurt you, you hurt me, I hurt you back. That's not what love is supposed to do. I was supposed to show you ,I could be better, I was supposed to leave you alone and let you find your own way back to me if that's what was meant. I was supposed to be the person you wanted to be with for the right reasons not the wrong ones.

I can forgive you, I can rewrite our future to have a better ending if that's what's meant, but I can't make that fire you once had for me burn the brightest again. Only you can do that.

My point is, you know I'm always going to love you and do anything for you, but I don't want you to ever love or want me based off of what I want from you, or because you don't want to be lonely, or because we have kids together and I could be a temporary comfort for you. Nothing about you has ever been temporary for me. I still get nervous around you, I still get the same butterflies I got on the very night of our first kiss.

I've been going through my hard drives the last month and getting rid of all the shit I don't want to carry forward in my future. I came across the Facebook messages between you and tyler during this most recent go around back in October/November. All the things you said to him and all the things you said about me to him and all the shit he told me that you couldn't and yes it did upset me, I told myself to just hit delete, forget about it and move forward, but I realized I could not fully move forward without reading it first because I wanted to get a better understanding of the situation and what lead up to that point. There were many things that were said between you and him, that you and I never had a chance to discuss because you were just at that point of hating everything and you just shut your feelings off for me and I'm not just talking about loving me, I'm talking communication with me. I can't nor want to hold what's happened the last two years against you. I was at fault too. Our foundation together has been completely destroyed, but the upside is now we can completely rebuild it the way it was supposed to be, the way it should have been.

I'm sorry hurt you so many times and I'm sorry I let my anger bring out the worst in me and I let it take control by throwing all of your flaws at you and making you feel worthless because of it. That isn't how live works. I failed at loving you. The only thing that we have for certain is this moment. We are not promised tomorrow or the next day. My words can and have destroyed you and I feel now my words cannot heal or change how you feel, but my actions and reactions can. Time is not promised to us, but time is the only thing that will tell who we are and whether we live up to the words we have spoken or not.

I love you for everything you are and always have been and I truly want only the best for you. I do not know how to compare to anyone else, I do not know how to be better than any other guy out there. I do not know how or if I can really ignite that fire inside you again. I do know that you could not have picked someone who is more of an opposite to me as Tyler is. I'm sure to you we both have good qualities and bad ones and that you could take the best of both of us and have it be in a single soul. I will always be flawed, I will always make new mistakes cause I am just as human as you are. I never thought we would be here talking again and saying I love you to each other again. I just want it to be for the right reasons. The fire in my soul has never burned out for you. I never found anyone else who I could ever care enough about to say "I love you" to. I...

## 2019-03-11T17:01:07.000Z - IG

counterparttrapretnuoc
Today 6:20 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
I love you babe. You can text aything you want i understa d
6:20 AM
I calldd in have to take girls to doctor
6:20 AM
Let me know babe
6:30 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
I love you
6:38 AM
Its our anniversary but i know it doesnt mean much unless were together i am just glad that we met back in 2011. My life is full of good memories, love, oir children, and yeah things were never perfect but life isn't but it was what i wanted with you.
6:41 AM
Photo
7:16 AM
I love you too
Message…
7:30 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Photo
7:16 AM
I love you too
7:30 AM
Today 8:54 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Love you sleepy head
8:54 AM
Wym sleepy hea
9:02 AM
I was waiting for you to call me lol
9:02 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
What i didny know u were awake or i would have lol
9:08 AM
Just a min im malong cam some eggs
9:08 AM
Can't sleep for shit
9:09 AM
What?
9:09 AM
No work?
9:09 AM
Message…
counterparttrapretnuoc
I called in
9:10 AM
Kids are all sick
9:10 AM
Dude you suck so bad
9:10 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Why lol
9:10 AM
Ugh
9:10 AM
No reason guess you'll see tomorrow
9:10 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
What????
9:10 AM
Im confused lol
9:10 AM
I ordered you a big ass thing of flowers that will be delivered to your work today, no big deal tho lol
9:11 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Uhhh is it getting delovered there today?
9:11 AM
Message…
Yeah duh it's our anniversary
9:12 AM

counterparttrapretnuoc
Today 9:12 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Any way to change it to tomorrow that sucks im so mad
9:12 AM
I dont want someone taking it 😂
9:12 AM
Nope lol
9:12 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Damn that's shitty
9:12 AM
Did u put your name on it
9:13 AM
Yeah and plus I'm going to Marshall to get my meds was gonna try and go around your lunch time but there goes that too lol
9:13 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Man fuck my life
9:13 AM
Youre so sweet thank you!!
9:14 AM
Message…
Psh whatever it was supposed to be an awesome surprise but didn't work out like everything else in my life lol
9:14 AM

counterparttrapretnuoc
Today 9:15 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Its ok babe i will be happy tp see it tomorrow as long as its not stolen lmao jk i dont trust some people there though
9:15 AM
Youre so sweet babe
9:15 AM
I haven't been able to sleep for shit, I was so excited to see you, man all my dreams for the day just fell apart
9:17 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
I feel like a fucking asshole now :( ugh i hate this day more and more i am so sorry babe
9:18 AM
When are you leaving
9:18 AM
It's not your fault, it's the kids lol
9:18 AM
I dunno yet doesn't matter now lol I was going to go closer to your lunch
9:19 AM
Message…
counterparttrapretnuoc
😂
9:19 AM

counterparttrapretnuoc
Whats gonna be worse is if someone sees its my anniversary anf thinks i called in because of it
9:20 AM
Well u could always drive by for a minute
9:20 AM
Yeah right you got all the kids, this day is doomed, I wanna damn redo lol
9:22 AM
Ugh fml
9:23 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Well tyler is at work for a little while longer if you left soon you could come give me a kiss lol i can run outside 😂
9:24 AM
But he could literally be out within the hour. Fuck my lifeeee ugj i ruined every thing. They couldn't go to school like this though :( im sorry
9:25 AM
Yeah not gonna make it. Oh well. I'm just gonna go back to bed, try and wake up at noon And go get my meds
9:26 AM
Message…
counterparttrapretnuoc
Are you mad at me :(
9:26 AM

counterparttrapretnuoc
Are you mad at me :(
9:26 AM
No it ain't your fault, guess that's just fate trying to give us a sign or some shit
9:27 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Stop!!! I thought if i called in i could get a chance to see u cause your in tekonsha i guess it backfired but we tried
9:28 AM
I'm not mad at you at all. Just mad that nothing ever works out, that shit got me so pissed right now. Couldn't even sleep cause I was so excited. Now I'm just so depressed like fuck everything just let me die lol
9:30 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Baby 😭
9:31 AM
Text now is downloaded im gonna call you
9:31 AM
Oh hey now's the perfect time for some nudesies lol
10:15 AM
Message…
Jk
10:30 AM
Bout to head Into town soon to get my mom's Mariner and get my meds. You need anything from town maybe you can get Tyler to watch the kids for a min lol

counterparttrapretnuoc
I am going to lwave in a couple mins to take the girls to the ER
10:44 AM
Oh shit ok
10:45 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
You ok
10:45 AM
Yea
10:45 AM
Is he going with you
10:45 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
No hes not
10:48 AM
Ok
10:49 AM
Have u left yet
10:56 AM
I'm just heading into town to get my mom's car
10:56 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Yeah jusy left
Message…
11:09 AM
I'm on 27
11:09 AM

counterparttrapretnuoc
I wanted a kiss
11:10 AM
Today 11:11 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Hold on
11:11 AM
We can pull off
11:11 AM
R u past few Dr
11:11 AM
F
11:11 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
No
11:11 AM
Go there
11:11 AM
I just passed Hortons farm
11:12 AM
counterparttrapretnuoc
Pretty hoping appt lol...

## 2019-03-12T01:26:02.000Z - Happy 2 Year Anniversary to Me and My Wife

## 2019-03-12T04:30:27.000Z - Wedding Anniversary

Start: March 11, 2019 at 12:00AM
End: March 12, 2019 at 12:00AM
Location:
Link: https://ift.tt/2SYHMhO

## 2019-03-12T14:39:39.000Z - I Wrote These Words from the Bottom of My Heart, when I Was at My Worst and All I Could See Was the Dark, Cause Man This Shit just Gets Hard, Trying to Put Yourself back together once You've Been Torn apart

I sometimes wonder what I'd do if I were you,
But even more I can't imagine a life without you
You look up to me but shit I look up to you.
It ain't you who needs me, it's me that needs you.
We ain't blood but so what, there's nothing I wouldn't do for you
cause real family are the people who will always be there for you
Real family won't abandon you, when you're feeling blue or when your heart's broke cause your girl just left you or cause you so fucked up from your youth that you don't know who's telling you lies or who's telling the truth.
Ive only gottent a glimpse of your point of view,
can't believe someone could be so naive to choose the drugs over all of you
Can't imagine what it's like to have to grow up and have no youth, can't imagine that life and no one should have to,
Just know that no matter what happens, I'll always be here for you, that I'm proud of you for the man you're growing into.
You always give more than you have and refuse to take what's on your plate
cause instead you'd rather split it between the kids so you know that they all ate.

And what the fuck have I done to make you want to look up to me?
I'd say it might be gravity but God damn you're taller than me and my whole life all I ever cared about was just me,
it's you that's shown me how to break free and stand on my own two feet and take care of those most important to me.
I owe you more than these words,
you taught me how to put others first
And that with pain will come change
And when it rains it won't always be that way

Its me that looks up to you
and not just when I have to get up on my stool cause you like 7' 2
But because I believe in you
And wherever you lead
I will follow you

I love you little brother

## 2019-03-13T00:14:00.000Z - Tuesday, March 12, 2019, 10:39 AM EDT

I wrote these words from the bottom of my heart, when I was at my worst and all I could see was the dark, cause man this shit just gets hard, trying to put yourself back together once you've been torn apart

I someঞmes wonder what I'd do if I were you, But even more I can't imagine a life without you You look up to me but shit I look up to you.

It ain't you who needs me, it's me that needs you.

We ain't blood but so what, there's nothing I wouldn't do for you cause real family are the people who will always be there for you Real family won't abandon you, when you're feeling blue or when your heart's broke cause your girl just le[ you or cause you so fucked up from your youth that you don't know who's telling you lies or who's telling the truth.

Ive only goent a glimpse of your point of view, can't believe someone could be so naive to choose the drugs over all of you Can't imagine what it's like to have to grow up and have no youth, can't imagine that life and no one should have to, Just know that no maer what happens, I'll always be here for you, that I'm proud of you for the man you're growing into.

You always give more than you have and refuse to take what's on your plate cause instead you'd rather split it between the kids so you know that they all ate.

And what the fuck have I done to make you want to look up to me?

I'd say it might be gravity but God damn you're taller than me and my whole life all I ever cared about was just me, it's you that's shown me how to break free and stand on my own two feet and take care of those most important to me.

I owe you more than these words, you taught me how to put others ﬁrst And that with pain will come change And when it rains it won't always be that way

Its me that looks up to you and not just when I have to get up on my stool cause you like 7' 2 But because I believe in you And wherever you lead I will follow you

I love you little brother

## 2019-03-13T04:02:30.000Z - IG:dm Pro - Instagram Direct Messages on Desktop

https://pro.igdm.me/

Chrome Extension
chrome-extension://dogjomhpgfhidkifpoeapcggdpbhgcgk/index.html#login

## 2019-03-13T04:10:25.147Z - Day One

https://dayone.me/user/dashboard

## 2019-03-13T04:15:36.000Z - Gmail - IG

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0?ui=2&ik=69588aa859&view=lg&permmsgid=msg-a%3Ar689410959919258523&ser=1

Please don't tell Richard I showed you that last video, he's so damn self conscious about it.
06:03 - Mar 12

I just got home. He showed up at like 1am knocking on my window I was like oh fuck lol so we went to the RV and he wanted to do some music so I just sat and hung out and listened.
06:05 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Youre so handsome. Good morning babe. Had to call today off because Lydia is still coughing so bad it sucks
06:42 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I love you
06:42 - Mar 12

Thank you boo good morning to you too!
06:43 - Mar 12

Hope she feels better soon
08:18 - Mar 12

Did Tyler go to work
08:18 - Mar 12

Or does he have to or whatever
08:18 - Mar 12

I take it you fell back asleep or he's home. It's ok. I love u babe
09:36 - Mar 12

I wrote this for your brother after he dropped me off this morning, guess we were both in our feels and the shit he says makes me so sad sometimes.
11:44 - Mar 12

https://genius.com/Hit-the-reset-72-lyrics
Hope you're ok :/
11:51 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

11:53 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I fell asleep he didn't go to work but i just woke up about 45 mins ago i have so much pain in my head its so bad
11:54 - Mar 12

Any ibuprofen?
11:54 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

He just left to go do something at sec state and get his weed
11:54 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I have some gonna take it after i eat something
11:54 - Mar 12

Good thinking
11:54 - Mar 12

I didn't get any sleep, but it's ok, I'll sleep good tonight lol
11:55 - Mar 12

Love you
12:06 - Mar 12

My phone's about to die and I gotta run a flash drive with some movies next door to Tara and pick up some scarfs she made for the girls
12:07 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Babe :( you didn't sleep? I am so sorry it was so bad but i had to lay down and go to sleep it was a fight because i just make asshole comments because i cant stand him and then he gets mad that i wont cuddle or sleep with him and he flips out
12:07 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

12:08 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I love you too
12:08 - Mar 12

Don't be sorry for anything. I'm not upset. It's gonna be a good day and it would have been a good day even if I had slept
12:09 - Mar 12

I left my charger at work and the only one I have at home is a POS and seems to charge my phone only enough to keep from dying lol so I'm gonna leave it home while I run over there
12:10 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

12:11 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Ok babe i love you and miss you so much. :)
12:12 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

12:12 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Gonna have to resend the onevideos with Richard i could've watch them
12:13 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

God damn that 7'2" has me crying
12:15 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

7'2
12:15 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Im glad you added that in there or i wouldn't have gotten my tears in check
12:16 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

sapnu puas
12:24 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Flip your phone upside down to read that
12:25 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I do like the photo i got lol
12:25 - Mar 12

Lol send nudes
13:01 - Mar 12

He was so happy after I did a quick mix for him he was almost in tears
13:02 - Mar 12

Where'd you go love
13:18 - Mar 12

Hate to bombard you with messages all at once cause you probably won't get a chance to see them all but I'm heading to work and I wanted to talk to you.
13:33 - Mar 12

Do you want any cats? Tara has 11 itty bitty kittens she is trying to get rid of
13:36 - Mar 12

I've been cleaning my room and making my bed these days too.. hmm wtf lol
14:21 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

14:38 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Good job boo and i would love one but i cant have it at this house :(
14:38 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I love you i cant talk much til later xoxo
14:39 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Have a good day at wprk i miss you so much
14:39 - Mar 12

Miss you too babe
14:39 - Mar 12

Well guess I got the day off! All 3 lines are down due to running out of supplies we don't have lol I'm not complaining!
15:03 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

15:15 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Tyler keeps talkong to me and trying to tell me that all i do is run and it sucks that i cant tell him why everything happened. I just feel like everyone i lie to and everyone doesnt know what to believe anymore and i hate it. I just want to be honest. I just want to be happy and i just want my kids to be safe and have their own home and i just hate that i have to sacrifice my happiness for their sake to not be homeless and to be with someone just because its easier to get them what they need
15:18 - M...

## 2019-03-13T04:15:54.000Z - Please Don't Tell Richard I Showed You that Last Video, He's so Damn Self Conscious about it

06:03 - Mar 12

I just got home. He showed up at like 1am knocking on my window I was like oh fuck lol so we went to the RV and he wanted to do some music so I just sat and hung out and listened.
06:05 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Youre so handsome. Good morning babe. Had to call today off because Lydia is still coughing so bad it sucks
06:42 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I love you
06:42 - Mar 12

Thank you boo good morning to you too! 😘😘😘
06:43 - Mar 12

Hope she feels better soon😧
08:18 - Mar 12

Did Tyler go to work
08:18 - Mar 12

Or does he have to or whatever
08:18 - Mar 12

I take it you fell back asleep or he's home. It's ok. I love u babe
09:36 - Mar 12

I wrote this for your brother after he dropped me off this morning, guess we were both in our feels and the shit he says makes me so sad sometimes.
11:44 - Mar 12

https://genius.com/Hit-the-reset-72-lyrics
Hope you're ok :/
11:51 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

11:53 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I fell asleep he didn't go to work but i just woke up about 45 mins ago i have so much pain in my head its so bad
11:54 - Mar 12

Any ibuprofen?
11:54 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

He just left to go do something at sec state and get his weed
11:54 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I have some gonna take it after i eat something
11:54 - Mar 12

Good thinking
11:54 - Mar 12

I didn't get any sleep, but it's ok, I'll sleep good tonight lol
11:55 - Mar 12

Love you
12:06 - Mar 12

My phone's about to die and I gotta run a flash drive with some movies next door to Tara and pick up some scarfs she made for the girls
12:07 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Babe :( you didn't sleep? I am so sorry it was so bad but i had to lay down and go to sleep it was a fight because i just make asshole comments because i cant stand him and then he gets mad that i wont cuddle or sleep with him and he flips out
12:07 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

12:08 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I love you too
12:08 - Mar 12

Don't be sorry for anything. I'm not upset. It's gonna be a good day and it would have been a good day even if I had slept
12:09 - Mar 12

I left my charger at work and the only one I have at home is a POS and seems to charge my phone only enough to keep from dying lol so I'm gonna leave it home while I run over there
12:10 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

12:11 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Ok babe i love you and miss you so much. :)
12:12 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

12:12 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Gonna have to resend the onevideos with Richard i could've watch them
12:13 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

God damn that 7'2" has me crying 😥
12:15 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

7'2
12:15 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Im glad you added that in there or i wouldn't have gotten my tears in check
12:16 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

sapnu puas
12:24 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Flip your phone upside down to read that
12:25 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I do like the photo i got lol
12:25 - Mar 12

Lol send nudes
13:01 - Mar 12

He was so happy after I did a quick mix for him he was almost in tears
13:02 - Mar 12

Where'd you go love
13:18 - Mar 12

Hate to bombard you with messages all at once cause you probably won't get a chance to see them all but I'm heading to work and I wanted to talk to you.
13:33 - Mar 12

Do you want any cats? Tara has 11 itty bitty kittens she is trying to get rid of
13:36 - Mar 12

I've been cleaning my room and making my bed these days too.. hmm wtf lol
14:21 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

14:38 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Good job boo and i would love one but i cant have it at this house :(
14:38 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

I love you i cant talk much til later xoxo
14:39 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Have a good day at wprk i miss you so much
14:39 - Mar 12

Miss you too babe
14:39 - Mar 12

Well guess I got the day off! All 3 lines are down due to running out of supplies we don't have lol I'm not complaining!
15:03 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

15:15 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Tyler keeps talkong to me and trying to tell me that all i do is run and it sucks that i cant tell him why everything happened. I just feel like everyone i lie to and everyone doesnt know what to believe anymore and i hate it. I just want to be honest. I just want to be happy and i just want my kids to be safe and have their own home and i just hate that i have to sacrifice my happiness for their sake to not be homeless and to be with someone just because its easier to get them what they need
15:18 - Mar 12

counterparttrapretnuoc

Why did i let my family fall apart why did i get right with someone i didn't ev...

## 2019-03-13T07:13:25.000Z - I Really Shouldn't even Waste My time Writing down My Stupid Thoughts. I Should Be Sleeping but I Can't and I'm Getting Pissed that Cant. I just want to Keep My Fucking Head in Tact and in a Good place but I Got Demons Coming out of Every Inch of Space in My Head. They want the Old Me to come back and Be Angry and Spiteful and Self Destructive and part of Me Wants to just Go Fuck Some Shit up Right Now, but what Good Would it Do?

Doesn't matter what I do or how upset I get, I can't do anything but change my course of action in the present day and every day going forward. I told you that you have your ways to cope and I have mine, but I don't really have a way to cope at all. Every stupid song I wrote the last 4 months was me talking to you when you didn't want to talk to me. Yeah I tried to talk to other women for a minute and get you off my mind but shit doesn't work that way for me. Those women just wanna talk, talk, talk and all I wanna do is talk to you. I don't give a shit about what's going on in anybody else's life, I don't want to go out and continue meeting new women cause not a damn one is you.
I'd rather be alone and that's exactly what I accomplished. It's hard, you always said if I wanted space I should be alone, but this kind of space is so fucking empty and filled with deafening silence. All I ever do is sit and watch as my mind puts our lives on rewind every single night, reliving all the good times and all the bad times all at once.

I'm so fucked up right now and it ain't cause of you, I know that it stems from not being able to sleep and lack of sleep. I'm just so frustrated, cause I'm trying to be better and trying to change my behavior and change how I react to shit that I normally don't deal with very well. I'm trying to keep my composure and this positive attitude so that I can make your day just a little bit better. I know you're going to feel like I'm lashing out at you or that I'm upset cause of you but honestly, I'm at war with myself and my emotions and my feelings and I meant every thing that I said to you tonight. I wish I had said it a lot sooner so you wouldn't have had to lie to me, and this is where shit gets really complicated because I think about you lying to me and then I think about how I should have said something sooner and at the end of the day it doesn't even fucking matter, weather I had said anything or whether you lied or not. We aren't together, it ain't my fucking business, I don't know why the fuck I'm so upset. You didn't do anything wrong, you're doing what you've been doing and I can't judge you or get pissed at you for that. You're trying to keep a roof over the kids heads and I'm just fucking everything up. I'm so bipolar, I'm so fucked up and worst of all I feel like I can't even tell you some of the shit I really wanna say to you, because you'll just blame yourself and hate yourself more and push me away and then runaway. I don't fucking know anymore. I just know that I've been trying so hard to make shit right and do whatever it takes to get where I want to be and you're not gonna be there to follow me

## 2019-03-13T22:27:17.197Z - Tags and Categories: Uncategorized

via WordPress https://ift.tt/2u64Gd7
March 13, 2019 at 06:20PM

## 2019-03-14T03:52:04.000Z - IG

counterparttrapretnuoc

You dont have to be sorry you have the right to those feelings and youre being stronger than i ever imagined. Im sorry for lying i just couldn't stand to upset you a d it sucks. I soend every day in hell that i created and i know that i am the one who has tl deal with it and eventuallly put it to rest but it sucks when the timing makes me want to fix it now but i cant.i love you and i hope you got some sleep because you deserve to have peace at some point because it sounds almost non existent in

05:58 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I miss you

06:09 - Mar 13

Miss you too

06:44 - Mar 13

I been with Richard in the RV heading home now

06:46 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Holy shit no sleep then im assuming

06:49 - Mar 13

Couldn't my nerves were shit

06:54 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

My fault

06:59 - Mar 13

My fault

07:00 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

No

07:00 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Does richard know whats going on

07:00 - Mar 13

Stop I'm the only one in con trol of my actions and reactions

07:01 - Mar 13

Nope

07:01 - Mar 13

Emotions not actions

07:01 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I kmow but it doesnt help when you have influences that cause those negative emotions

07:02 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Please try to sleep so you dont feel worse :(

07:04 - Mar 13

I will

07:04 - Mar 13

Almost home

07:04 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Howd you get there

07:05 - Mar 13

Stole my mom's car lol

07:05 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Omg

07:05 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I like bad boys 😂😂

07:05 - Mar 13

Call me like half an hour ago it was like where the fuck you at lol

07:06 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Wont she be up getting ready for work

07:06 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Oh i see lol is she angry

07:06 - Mar 13

No

07:06 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Shes not a morning person

07:06 - Mar 13

I clean the house and did the dishes yesterday she get me that shitt

07:07 - Mar 13

Can't be mad at shit

07:07 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Lmao suck up 😂

07:07 - Mar 13

I was trying to be productive since I didn't have to work

07:07 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I like this thug life slang youve caught lol must be from my brothers 😂

07:07 - Mar 13

What you talking about Willis

07:08 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I miss them alot too i never get to see them. Tried to invite them over ran it by tyler and he shut it down

07:08 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I miss you most

07:08 - Mar 13

Miss you too

07:09 - Mar 13

Most

07:09 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Im gonna get the kods in the car time to head out m i hate going to worm after I've called in

07:09 - Mar 13

Not your fault, kids get sick fuck em

07:10 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Like everyone giving me dirty looks like i called in on my anniversary 😂

07:10 - Mar 13

Yeah wish that could've have worked better in our favor loo

07:11 - Mar 13

I'm gonna lay down now and try and take a nap I guess

07:12 - Mar 13

Just wanted to say Sorry for being so sexual the last few weeks, I'm sure that's gotta be conflicting and I get why you haven't really been that way back.

07:15 - Mar 13

I'll stop till our paths meet up again

07:16 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Babe i do t mind it from you at all

07:23 - Mar 13

Yeah but it just don't feel right. It's ok

07:23 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Ok

07:23 - Mar 13

Have a good day, love you

07:28 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Live you too

07:31 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Want me to call

07:31 - Mar 13

It's ok I'm about to pass out, sleep this shit off

07:32 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Ok

07:33 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Love you

07:35 - Mar 13

Love you too

07:36 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I called but its ok i just wanted to hear your voice

07:43 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Love you have a good day

07:43 - Mar 13

Love u sry fell asleep

07:53 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Its ok ill talk to u later on love you sleep well

07:54 - Mar 13

Not trying to put you in a bad mood, just need to try to sleep cause I'm feeling so negative rn

07:57 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I know

08:00 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

I love them!!!!

10:21 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Glad you like them babe

11:23 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Are you still gonna get more sleep

11:27 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Are you awake im on lunch

12:02 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Breaks over love you

12:22 - Mar 13

Just woke up

12:54 - Mar 13

Hey just got out of the shower, running late

13:48 - Mar 13

Hey just got out of the shower, running late

13:48 - Mar 13

Hey just got out of the shower, running late

13:48 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Hows work

16:03 - Mar 13

Sucks ass

16:04 - Mar 13

Did u read that post I sent you

16:09 - Mar 13

counterparttrapretnuoc

Yes im sorry i have been watched all ...

## 2019-03-14T08:33:20.532Z - The Clement Medley

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress https://ift.tt/2FdFWWV
March 14, 2019 at 04:21AM

## 2019-03-14T09:03:22.161Z - Anime

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress https://ift.tt/2F31WCn
March 14, 2019 at 04:43AM

## 2019-03-14T09:03:22.980Z - Clementine

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress https://ift.tt/2TFPimX
March 14, 2019 at 04:44AM

## 2019-03-14T09:03:23.671Z - Montauk

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress https://ift.tt/2EZZRqV
March 14, 2019 at 04:48AM

## 2019-03-14T09:48:18.394Z - I Think the way We Look at Each other Speaks the Real Truth

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress https://ift.tt/2TS35X6
March 14, 2019 at 05:27AM

## 2019-03-14T10:03:40.768Z - Something Better

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress https://ift.tt/2CjS3jn
March 14, 2019 at 05:41AM

## 2019-03-14T10:03:41.176Z - Dreams

I wrote this for you before you moved out of the RV.

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress https://ift.tt/2UziloB
March 14, 2019 at 05:49AM

## 2019-03-14T18:05:37.000Z - Bare Your Soul with Me

I want to try things differently. I want you to feel comfortable talking about anything and everything with me. I want your honesty in ways you could never give it before.

I made a form, I want you to fill out when you get a chance. Questions that will be most difficult and uncomfortable to answer. They aren’t meant to make you uncomfortable or awkward, they’re meant for you to open up and be so honest about things so that we can build a relationship where you can always talk to me about anything and everything.

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd7IYMjvIkpoDX2JPK0E_fhGkXb2imlaePndfrvODUNjI10tw/viewform?usp=sf_link

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress https://ift.tt/2F4fNbB
March 14, 2019 at 01:48PM

## 2019-03-14T18:40:21.000Z - I'm just a Cold Remedy that Sits on Your Shelf

Collecting dust until you're in poor health
For months I go unnoticed until you need my help

## 2019-03-14T18:40:45.000Z - Hey I Know Right now You're Feeling Sad

But everything is dark when you're looking in the past
There's a reason why some things don't last
Please Don't let those thing hold you back

What doesn't kill you makes you still alive
And when things get hard you can't just run and hide
You can't just let it eat you up on the inside
Or it will consume you and your life will pass on by

Keep your head up cause you are enough

## 2019-03-14T18:41:03.000Z - This Might Be the Last time I Write

Fuck this music fuck this life
I'm so fucking angry all the time
And that's not how I wanna live my life

How am I supposed to be the light if I can't see it?
How am I supposed to to move forward like this?
How am I supposed to be happy if I don't know how?
How am I supposed to smile when I can't right now?

Thought that if I wrote these songs I would heal
But now I see it's just like me and going nowhere

## 2019-03-14T18:41:21.000Z - This Will Be the Last You Hear from Me

Cause this depression finally caving in on me
And I'm starting to sink cause all I do is over think
Until anxiety gets the best of me and I can't breathe

Nothing is getting better only worse
And I'm so sorry to everybody that I hurt
I know I'm a disappointment a fucking failure
All I do is let you down cause nothing ever matters

I'm so stuck in this way that I don't give a fuck
I've had enough shits just too much and I'm like fuck
Fuck this, fuck life, fuck everybody who's ever hurt me

## 2019-03-14T18:41:39.000Z - These Days

These days not much has changed
Old habits die hard I'm still the same
Alone in my room, filled up with gloom
Trying not to think about you

Will it always be this way?
Doesn't matter what I say
Feelings will fade, memories they stay
Even after you get replaced

And though I try my best to change
I always end up in this place
And I don't want to feel this way
It's getting harder to escape

The feelings of regret.
the sadness that I get,
From the way that you left,
it still replays in my head.

Why can't I just forget you?
Why won't my mind erase you?

Give me back my life
Take me back in time
When we met that night
And I promise I'll walk on by

## 2019-03-14T18:42:05.000Z - Unwind

Hard to breathe, hard to think,
I can't sleep, can't feel a thing
anxiety is killin me
Just let me be, please set me free
From all this pain and all this misery

Here I go yeah I'm alone
Out on my own for way too long
I know that I should try more
But I can't find the strength to say
I think I've lost my way

Just hit the reset
That way you can forget
All the bullshit that was said
Get that shit out of your head
Just stop playing pretend and get the fuck over it
All that bad shit all that sad shit get over it

It's time to forgive, time to forget
Time to move past all that bullshit
It's time to move on time to get on
time to get right with your life
yeah that's alright

Oh no I've been unwinding
Oh no I'm out on my grind and
Oh no I just pass the time and
I know, I know I'm all alone
And I'm ok with that

## 2019-03-14T18:42:31.000Z - I Know You're Disappointed, I Can See it in Your Eyes

The way you talk to me with such frustration inside.
Truth is I meant no disrespect, I think parts of me are broken that just can't be fixed. I'm thankful for everything you've done for me,

## 2019-03-14T18:42:46.000Z - Reject

I should change my name to reject.
I wasted so much time trying to hit the reset,
On the shit I can't forget, that list of regrets,
The times that we have spent, all the words that I have said,
They were useless but they're replaying in my head.
I confess, yeah that my life's a mess, I feel so useless
And I openly admit I find it hard to give a shit,
When every day that I sit alone I just wanna quit,
But I don't do it cause I'm so used to this.
I just keep going in hopes that it's not all pointless.

do I wander in your thoughts or am I really dead and gone?
It's hard to move along when everything just feels so wrong. I feel like I don't belong, I hate all these songs

I've never been this low, time is moving so slow
Depression takes it's toll cause I can't let shit go
You were my only home, got evicted long ago
Got Nothing left to show, no room left to grow I don't even know hate feeling so alone

Is anybody listening or am I talking to myself again?
Man I miss my friends, but I don't deserve them cause I've been a worse friend.
I just want someone to care and to always be there,
Through sickness and in health, even if we poor or we got wealth, through good days and through the worst days in hell.

## 2019-03-14T18:43:04.000Z - Bloom where You Are Planted

All my life I just wanted to be great
I've tried but I've always lost my way
This time I'm going to fulfill my fate
I got so much potential in what I create

## 2019-03-14T18:43:25.000Z - There's a Million Things I want to Say to You

I don't want to fight, I don't want to hate you
I just want to talk like when we first met
I wish there was a way to remove the resentment

Take me back to November 2011
A few months before I turned 27
The first time I saw you in that yellowcard shirt
Back then I didn't know what it really meant to hurt

You showed me love, you showed me pain
Gave me two daughters and two sons
You showed me hate, you showed me change
Gave me a home

## 2019-03-14T18:43:43.000Z - This Goes out to All Those Who Are Broken

and to the lost souls who ain't got no hope in em
And for those who's words always go unspoken
Im always here to listen guess that's why I'm chosen

This is for anybody contemplating taking their life
Wondering if anyone gives a shit if they die
Cause I know exactly what that shit feels like
Back in August I was at that point and tried to end mine
And all you wanna do is cry and get high
Cause you can't stand going to bed alone at night
And the ghosts of what haunts you the most take flight
and you try and go to the safest place in your mind
but all the doors are locked from the other side.

Just hear me out, I'm here to guide you now
I know you're feeling down promise I won't let you drown just hear my sounds and you will be found

I'm nothing special, I grew up on punk and metal
Never got into trouble till I tried to sell my soul for someone I loved to the devil

That's when my heart and mind got all fucked up
Fell into lust, got into drugs but none of it was enough
I'll never know why people you love hurt you so much

I needed a remedy so I turned all my pain into melodies and All those memories into harmonies
And I make all these beats out of my tragedies

I'm not a saint but I have a heart of gold
and I won't let hate replace that no matter how cold I grow you can cut me up and fuck me up
and I'll still love you when you've had enough

Maybe it's a curse or maybe I just connected with the wrong people on this Earth and because of that I lost my self worth cause I don't remember what it's like not to hurt

I may not be in your shoes but I know how it feels to be used and mentally abused and without further do
I'd like to welcome you to a better life if you choose.

## 2019-03-14T18:44:02.000Z - Bottoms up just Don't Give a Fuck

This time I've had enough
So pour another cup
Cause I'm fuckin done
I'm giving up
Anxiety's been too much

Don't miss me when I'm gone
Just blame me I'm always wrong
It's always all my fault
I've had enough I'm done

Just a waste of space in a life I hate
I Tried but I can't fucking change
Such a fucked up mental state
What a way to meet my fate

running away from the shit in my brain
And I need to escape before I go insane
And I will not stay and feel all of this pain
So Get me out of this place before it is too late

Fucking anything
So I won't stay
Need to get away

## 2019-03-14T18:44:18.000Z - I Wrote the Book on not Giving a Fuck

Pretty easy when you don't give a fuck
I hope it inspires you
to not give a fuck too

I was always the nice guy
always the last choice guy
Always let's just be friends guy
Till I became the sad guy
Who turned into the bad guy
Now Im the don't even try guy
Who is always pissed off guy

Writing about life
and how its passing me by
While I sit and I whine
Bout shit that didn't go right
Fuckin hate my life
Thought this would pass with time
Just gets worse every night

## 2019-03-14T18:44:37.000Z - 4 AM

It's four o clock in the morning
and I'm just going crazy in my head
Wondering what am I doing,
Cause I don't even know right now

Oh yeah she's sippin
Oh yeah She's livin
life in the moment
She's not losing sleep over me
I'm nothing more than a memory

I'm not perfect but I tried to be
Doesn't matter I just need some sleep
Physically exhausted mentally haunted
No longer wanted just build me my coffin

It's four o clock in the morning
And Its just me, myself and anxiety
I've become a hostage in my own misery
It's pathetic wish I could just fucking sleeping

## 2019-03-14T18:45:13.000Z - They Say that home is where You Make it

But lately my only home has been vacant
these thoughts I can't seem to shake them
And these memories I can't replace them

For so long I've been holding on
When I should have been moving on
I'm sorry that it took me so long
But Life ain't been the same now that you're gone

I tried to put the pieces of me and you
Back together like we could be glued
But there's some things you just can't undo
I never wanted to give up on you

These days, I'm not the same
So much of who I am has changed
And sometimes I don't recognize my face
And for that I only have myself to blame

I finally found a way to let you go
And after all of this I hope you know
That it was always you who mattered most
I forgive you and I wish the best for you both

Farewell to our fairy tale, I hope this finds you well
Throughout all our hell, you made my heart melt
won't forget how that felt I'm sorry hope you can tell

This story of you and me is now over for eternity

## 2019-03-14T18:45:28.000Z - It's 3am and It's just Me and My Phone

Sitting in my room all alone
But that's nothing new
Something I've gotten used too
I'm just not sure what to do

## 2019-03-14T18:45:41.000Z - This is My Chance to Get it Right

For the first time in my life
I can see all the blue skies
I set my aim for my sights

Long days, long nights
A million ways to fail
But I'mma get it right
Too long I been down
Get me out of this room
Won't feel sorry for myself
Body pains and headaches
Aren't really shit compared
To when a heartbreaks
Breathe in and breathe out
I use to be so lost
When I was filled with doubt

I took all my sadness and depression
And turned it into vocal expression
Added some eq, waves tune and compression
These were my life's biggest lessons
And my most personal confessions

And I write every night, till I get it right
Won't stop till I see an end in sight
I sing for you to help you get through
And I will be your light when you need me to
I promise I am only here to guide you
I will light up your life till I am right beside you

Keep your Head high, when youre feeing low
And Don't let anyone say you ain't beautiful

When that pain starts to ache
and your heart needs a break
From all the people who are fake
When they lying right to your face
Fuck em all, who cares what they say
Cause you a better person even on your worst days
What you're going through is just a phase
And as time goes by you'll begin to erase and replace
All that shit that's been keeping you in place
Keep One foot forward aim for outerspace
Move as slow as you want just finish the race

I'mma be the light that guides you,
I'll be in that car ridng beside you

Turn up the stereo and get that bass bumping low
And start to show the world that you are beautiful

## 2019-03-14T18:45:59.000Z - This is where My Last Story Ends

And where my new chapter begins
I have come so far but it's been so hard
Fell off the wagon than I raised the bar

Told myself so many times
That this would be the last time
But I was blind

## 2019-03-14T18:46:17.000Z - A Better Ending

Dear, "you know who" I'm not here to hate on you
So hear me out cause this is my only landline to you
You were my favorite song but I no longer play you
Cause you can't stay in key & I don't wanna autotune

Please I hope you take no offense to that
I ain't hatin cause I am growin past that
Straight ahead, gotta new quest, I ain't looking back
I am pushing forward like I'm a giant thumb tac

All that pain is still up inside my brain
but Ive begun to heal and let some out every day
I found my escape from that mental prison cage
And I can honestly say that I'm gonna be ok

Even though we no longer talk
You still wander in my thoughts
Cause you were more than just a memory
And for so long I let you have the best of me
The way you left put a hole right through me
But I forgive you and I can say that with all honesty
I forgive you, damn I hope you're hearing me
Cause I'm still the man I said I would always be

You were my everything, now you are melody
Use to be in love with me but now I'm a memory
And I was never perfect but for you I tried to be
Guess that's travesty mixed up in the key of irony

I hope that you are doing alright
I can finally say that with a smile
And damn I spent awhile
In all the hallways of denial

I wish you the best, with the same heart you ripped out my chest. I hope you find true happiness, even after you said I was your biggest regret.

You were always my favorite song
But I can't play it anymore it feels wrong
Cause everything will eventually end
And I guess that's the way that it belongs

I finally found a way to let you go
It was In the Cemetery Weather
That we once shared together, you know
Those plans of forever died way back in November
And I wrote A Better Ending
so we both would end up happy

You'll always be more than just a memory
You always meant more than you could ever see
*As We Grow Older *I hope we both move forward
And our hearts don't grow colder as we struggle to stay sober, it's over, it's over, it's over.

I just want to see you smile again.
That's the way our fairy tale ends

## 2019-03-14T18:46:36.000Z - I Really Hate Everything that Has to Do with My Life Right Now, I've Been here so Many Times, I've Tried to Always Push through it so Many times and I Fail Every Time. I'm Almost at My Breaking point

Even though we no longer talk
You still wander into my thoughts
Cause you were more than just a memory
And for so long you got the best of me
The way you left put a hole right through me
But I forgive you and I can say that with all honesty

## 2019-03-14T18:46:54.000Z - Hey It's Me, I Know that Right now We Hardly Speak

I know these last few months have been without peace,
I know that deep down you're sorry for the shit you did to me

I'm not here to call you out
nor am I here to put you down
I know that without you now
A better me can be found

It broke my heart that you couldn't love me for who I am, cause who I am is who I was when we first began, but somehow I became all the things you now can't stand

I been such a mess, need to get this off my chest,
So I can move ahead and begin again

## 2019-03-14T18:47:28.000Z - I Am a Lighthouse

Damn it's been a bad day
Had a meltdown on the freeway
I couldn't even see straight
I know I shouldn't have even been driving

Cause I turned straight into on coming traffic
I hit a woman head on it could've been tragic
Thank God that she was alright I
cause I would never forgive myself If she died
I know that still doesn't make it right
That I ruined someone else's night
Because of all the shit going through my mind
I lost so much of who I was to my cheating wife
And that's when I knew that I had to change my life
I had to take control and start to put up a fight
And that's the moment when I began to really take flight
And started to see myself as somebody I like

I am more than enough, I'm a diamond in the rough
I've got a big heart and so what if I care too much
I won't apologize for flooding you with love
If you were drowning it's cause you knew you fucked up

And when it came to you,
there was nothing you could do
to make me ever give up on you
we lost a son and even though some plans fell through In the end I still gave you everything I promised you
And what did you do? You found somebody else
Who is just like you and that's the real truth
Guess I finally saw you for the real you

So now I'm gonna be a light house
Cause everywhere I go it's always dark out
And I'm so sick of feeling like I'm gonna drown
When all I'm trying to do is turn my life around
I know that I'm a fucking mess right now
You can hear the pain in my voice as I sing out loud
But I have planted my roots into solid ground
And now I'm going to guide those who are lost back out

I just want my words to matter,
to inspire hope and a little laughter
I want to help you achieve what you've been chasing after and let you know you're not alone cause to me you really matter

Be your own light in somebody else's life
Take all your pain and use it to make things right
Be somebody your children will look up to every night
Always choose to love when others give up and fight the good fight

I am a Lighthouse, guiding the way now

## 2019-03-14T18:47:47.000Z - Farewell Lover

Dear you know who,
it's no surprise I still write about you,
some days I hate you and some days I forgive you
Other days I dont think about you
And sometimes I'm consumed by you

You're not my obsession anymore
Just a lesson on moving forward
I can't live with hate in my heart
Even though you tore me apart

When they ask me if I'd do it all over again
The answer will always be a yes
Not because of the pain in the end
But because that's just who I am

Maybe I didn't show you how much I cared
The way that you wanted me to.
But I tried my best to always be fair
And I wanted nothing more than to marry you

## 2019-03-14T18:48:20.000Z - Every Passing Day You're Still in My Thoughts

Guess that shows how much I love
or how much I'm fucked up.

I know I gotta let you go,
move on and leave you alone,
your heart left me an eviction note
and that ain't fair when you were my only home,
I hope you know, I've got nothing to show
since you left me in the cold,
but I still hold close to hope
cause I deserve better and that we both know

## 2019-03-14T18:48:44.000Z - I just want to Talk about Life

With someone who's down to listen
I just want some good vibes
Cause that's what I've been missin

I just want to pass the time
With someone who really cares
I just want to free my mind
With someone who wants to be here

I just want to let you know
That I know it goes both ways
That together you and I can grow
I want to hear all you have to say

Cause life is way too short to feel so alone
I don't want to build a house I want to build a home

I want to be the reason you smile in every mood
And on the days you fall apart I wanna be the glue
That holds you together when things fall through
That's the truth and all I want is for you to stay true

Just vibe with me and ride with me
Past time with me stay fly with me
Just try with me don't give up on me
Just love with me and grow old with me

You're so beautiful
In every shade of light
And I'm hypnotized
By the way you shine so bright

Just vibe with me and try with me
Live life with me and ride with me
Past time with me feel whole with me
Don't give up on me grow old with me

## 2019-03-14T18:49:05.000Z - What's the Point? I Ask Myself, Does My Music even Help?

What if no one's listening, is it really worth all this hell?

I want to inspire others to change their life
but right now I can't even change mine.
I talk about the past like it's present time,
and I'm so sick of that life, so why do I rewind?

I'm just a worthless piece of shit,
a fucking loser that's just full of regret
at least that's what you said and I guess
I heard that for so long Its hard not to believe it

What am I doing with my life?
Besides wasting all my time
On music that nobody even likes
I guess maybe you were right.
Maybe this will be the last song that I ever write,

Is anybody out there? Does anybody care
If I keep writing

## 2019-03-14T18:49:17.000Z - Past Tense

Last year I hit rock bottom
I'm still here but I swear I'm trying to crawl out
Cause this can't be my permanent residence
I know I'm meant for more that's clearly evident

I take my thoughts and I turn them into song's
I try to paint a picture of how my life went wrong
And I try and tell myself that I have to stay strong
And convince myself somehow that I do belong

I write about my life and how I'm not alright
How I felt so dead inside & every night I always cried
As I was laying all alone with nobody at my bedside
And I'd replay all the awful things trapped in my mind

I almost took my life back on that August night
Cause somebody that I loved hurt me for the last time
And to them I was already dead so fuck it, time to end it, I'll crash this fucking car driving off into the sunset

Was it really worth it to make me feel so worthless?
To tell me that you hate me and that I deserve it?
And that he makes you feel better than I ever did
And I'm just a fucking loser and a piece of shit
When all I ever gave was you was everything I had
And all I ever did was everything that you asked
And your thank you was by stabbing me in the back
Comparing me to him and everything that I lack

You ripped out my heart and laughed as I fell apart
And I forgave you so many times but you a poison dart
guess that's my fault for not seeing it from the start
I tried to light your life when all you did was make mine dark

And that's the truth, that's the real you and it makes me so damn sad that I wasted so much time on you
I know I'm not perfect but I sure as fuck ain't worthless
You're the reason I'm a mess, and why I'm always stressed, and I confess these issues I address are just a sign we were never meant but I can't just forget all the shit you said, it plays over every night in my head

And I can't sleep and I can't dream
cause you're the killer following me,
the ghost that's still haunting me,
the lack of oxygen suffocating me
You're the anxiety when I need peace
You're the reason I no longer believe
You're the devil who stole my soul to keep
You're the cause of all this misery

But here's the thing, you're gonna be the reason I succeed, the reason I found someone who makes me happy, the reason I'm a better person than you will ever be and when I'm on your TV screen, you'll finally see that without you I'm living out my dream.

## 2019-03-14T18:49:36.000Z - Some Days I'm so Sick of Going through the Motions

But I keep moving forward until I get to where I'm going
I've lost my mind a few times but I won't lose sight of what's mine

## 2019-03-14T18:49:50.000Z - Hate Me

Sitting all alone inside this room and I don't know what I should do, cause I just hate everything I'm around lately.
Wish that I could do the things I used to do, like way back when I never knew you, now all you ever do is hate me

So fucking hate me all that you want
you fucking played me or so you thought
I gave you my heart and all that I got
you just mad cuz you got yourself caught
So fucking hate me all that you want
you fucking played me or so you thought
I gave you my heart and all that I got
you just mad cuz you got yourself caught

## 2019-03-14T18:50:03.000Z - Call Me Lost Boy, Call Me Sad Boy

Call me whatever the fuck you want boy
Truth is, this music shit is my therapy
This is where I go when people abandon me

Most days I try to inspire, but some days
I just want to throw your ass in the fire
For all the hell you put me through
And not just me but our children too
You fucked me up cause I was never enough
You just used and abused me but I never gave up
You're the one who's a fucking coward and a cheat
I gave you all I had but now you won't take shit from me.

There I go again, talking about you like I always do
At least you know I got nothing good to say about you
7 years we had together, we lost our first born forever
Buried him in that tiny coffin on the 5th of September
I held you while you cried every night till December
We could have been buried in the cemetery weather
But you chose to go and every fucking tie you severed

Took me almost two years to start living again
If it wasn't for my kids and this music I'd be dead
And I'm not just saying that for attention
Cause back in August I really tried to end it
I remember laying in that hospital bed all alone
Didn't tell anybody but you and you just hung up the phone
and that's when I finally knew that you
didn't give a fuck if I killed myself over you

So here I am it's been 5 months and I've never felt more at peace, I know you don't hear it in these songs but I've been trying to be forgiving, and understanding and caring about hurting your feelings but I'm not there yet,

So call me lost boy, call me sad boy
Call me everything you hate boy
Truth is because of you I need therapy
And this music shit is what helps me
Cope with the way you abandoned me

## 2019-03-14T18:50:18.000Z - I just want to Thank You for Everything You've Done for Me and I Promise I Will Repay You with All I Have, when I'm on My Feet

Yeah it's just begun, my life is finally looking up and I can smile again. Feels like I'm finally alive again. It's been so long, yeah, that I have seen the sun cause my depression held me hostage with a fucking gun. My anxiety, it told me I would never leave and I will never be anything cause that's just what my wife believed and than it hit me, I was right where she wanted me to be.

These last two years have been the fucking hardest.
Didn't think that I would make it this far and
I know that I am grateful, I just want to say that I'm thankful.

I just want to thank you for everything you've done for me and I promise I will repay you with all I have, when I'm on my feet.

## 2019-03-14T18:50:40.000Z - Rebirth

Verse
I just want my words to matter
To inspire hope and a little laughter
Maybe one day get that happy ever after
For now I’m at the bottom tryna climb the ladder

Been out here on my own
Grinding all alone
Trying to get my shit together
write the perfect flow
I just wanted you to know
That I’m trying to let go
Still trying to find myself
As I’m learning how to grow
And all That pain and sadness
Ain’t ever trying to show
Spent way too many nights
Living like Im on death row
And Now my only goal
turn that sorrow into gold
And Light up the whole room
When I walk in because I glow

I never wanna feel this way again
So low so low so low

Everything good will someday end
Ya know ya know ya know

Verse
Here I go all alone
I’m doing fine all on my own
Don’t need you anymore
just some music and my phone
My hearts grown cold

Cruisin in my fusion
Won’t stop cause I’m not losin
Anymore of myself to anybody else now
Nobody’s gonna let me down again

I won’t lie, or deny
l still think about my wife late at night
and wonder what our life would be like
if she had just fought to try
but it doesn’t even matter
cause the life we had is over
I just hope that she knows
That I always fucking loved her
And no one came before her
Cause I always adored her
but now I must move forward

I was so sad
I was so broken
Wish I could go back

But I was so mad
Over shitty words spoken
Now I leave it in the past

Cause I'm Not taking anymore time
To rewind everything in my life
Cause I’m going in forward motion
Won’t stop till I get where I'm going

Copyright © 2018, iPhonell

## 2019-03-14T18:50:56.000Z - I've Lost so Many Nights of Sleep

Due to my depression and anxiety
My own mind playing tricks on me
I can't tell if I'm awake or it's a dream

I'm haunted by my past mistakes
A constant movie that's stuck on replay
And all I want is to get away
But I feel stuck in a rut I can't escape

I write about my life and about what's wrong and right
About the times my heart was broke and I was dead inside
People started to relate and look to me for guidance
I don't have all the answers but I'm someone you can confide in
All I can say is you gotta push through the pain
Wake up every day and paint a smile on your face
Even when you're not ok even when the color turns to gray cause eventually those clouds wil

## 2019-03-14T18:51:29.000Z - I Decide My Own Fate

I wish I could explain, what's going on inside my brain,
That Every thought is filled with pain,
from memories I can't erase
and helplessness that I can't escape
and these feelings never fade,
feels like I'm stuck in place,
even when I try and change,
start over every day,
some shit is hard to face.
I just need to get away,
cause I don't want to stay.
I decide my own fate.

I don't know where to go these days,
All I know is shit don't ever change.
Try to get away before it's too late.
Try to move on cause I just can't stay.

I know it's hard to let go,
When you're feeling so low,
And nobody even knows,
What's killing you the most.

I got to let go of this life,
Cuz you are no longer my wife.
Doesn't matter how I try.
I always fail with time.

I don't know where to go these days,
All I know is shit don't ever change.
Try to get away before it's too late.
Try to move on cause I just can't stay.

and these feelings never fade,
feels like I'm stuck in place,
even when I try and change,
start over every day,
some shit is hard to face.
I just need to get away,
cause I don't want to stay.
I decide my own fate.

## 2019-03-14T18:51:56.000Z - I Ain't here to Talk Shit

I'm here on some real shit
Sorry I don't speak that gangster
Sorry I don't speak that slander
Or sippin that lean or Poppin some zannys
Or fucking some bitches or flashing my gold teeth
I'm a grown ass man with a grown ass plan
And that mumble shit I just can't stand
I speak about life and my fake ass wife
Who fucked over too many times
And I use these rhymes to rebuild my life
Can't take that from me but you can try
Come at me with your badboy vibes
I won't back down nor will I try and hide
Don't be a bitch let's hug it out
Or you can put me in the ground
I'm an emo kid who got more passion than chirst
I've been through more shit than most you fake ass guys

## 2019-03-14T18:52:17.000Z - Ever After

Two years ago I lost everything
and I mean everything,
My hopes, my dreams
it all came apart at the seams
Put out on the street like I was nobody like I was nothing.

I lost my wife, my job, my home,
had nothing but my clothes,
Not an ounce of hope,
no direction I could go,
I was all alone,
wanted to put that gun up to my dome
and pull the trigger
Cause nothing was getting better,

till I picked up my guitar
and started writing bars
And with the mic yeah I was going hard
on all these songs about my life,
all these song's about my wife
How she cheated and she lied
About the other guy
I was dead inside
Ripped my heart out of my chest
Each and every time
Nobody should make you
Want to take your own life
And that's when I realized
I'm the only one who gets to decide

So I chose to live
I Got so much to give
I'm gonna show my kids
That I keep my promises

Cause the grass is always green
If that's how you choose to think
And that's what I believe
I put that on everything

I just want my words to matter
To give you hope and laughter
And show you how to get
To that happy ever after
To tell you that you matter
Regardless what they say
Cause you can do better
Let me show you the way

You're not worthless
You are worth it
You're not a loser
Yeah you're fuckin perfect
And I'mma let you know
That You are beautiful
So don't you let go
Cause you're not alone

I found myself, I got some help,
I went through hell and lived to tell
I was just a hollow shell
At least that's how it felt
and though you found somebody else,
I still wish you well
cause I'm a better man than he ever will be
and that's what you deserve for what you did to me, so I just wanna say rest in peace to you and me,
you're no longer my wife, just a memory,
so RIP you're just a Melody in a song that set me free and I'm at peace without you next to me,
I am free and that's the one thing
you will never take from me!

I'm at peace, I am free,
I can finally sleep and I'm living out my dream.

It's all because of you, my dreams came true
All because of what you put me through
Guess I should be thanking you
But I won't cause you still a hoe
and that's the truth you already know

My only purpose here is to inspire you
To give you hope when you're feeling down and blue
To provide that light in your darkness too
Cause I've been where you're at and that's the truth

and how she fucked me over so many times and I won't lie I still struggle with anxiety in my mind, I still fight my depression every night. But I see the light and I see the love for me in my children's eyes and I can't let them down again cause I've been a shitty dad cause they had to deal with the aftermath of me and their mom and that shit ain't right so I'mma hold on tight to the fact that they're my biggest prize and I'mma show them a better life. Where I'm no longer mad, I'm no longer sad, cause these days things aren't so bad and I hold onto what I have and that's a fact.

We

## 2019-03-14T18:52:35.000Z - MOUTHBREATHER

Got a text from my ex the other day
Telling me "I won't be shit, I won't be anything
I'm just a loser and that's all I will ever be
My music sucks nobody's even listening"

And at first, yeah that shit hurt.
It put my feelings right down deep in the dirt
but I got to thinking that's not what I deserve,
she already cheated me once,
she won't take my self worth.

I never texted back cause I saved it for this track.
You can kiss my ass while I put you on blast.
You just mad cause you can't control me and that's a fact.
And yeah It's sad you take it out on me for what he lacks.

Oh no, oh no it's all my fault that you hate your life
Oh no, oh no guess it's all my fault that you fucked up your life,
but it ain't my fault that you were such a shitty wife,
Yeah, it ain't my fault that you lied and cheated so many times

Go ahead and keep opening your mouth
All it's good for is sucking that dick anyhow
Go ahead and tell me that nobody's listening now
A couple thousand plays and I ain't even slowing down

One day our girls are gonna hear this shit
And on that day I still won't be ashamed of it
Cause they have every right to know the truth
And we both know they'll never get it from you

Fuck you S. Marie
go ahead and sue my ass for slandering and for slaughtering your image yeah right bitch please
Should have thought twice fore you come at me
Dont make me put you on a billboard it's tempting

## 2019-03-14T18:53:03.000Z - Growing up You Were Always there for Me

And even now at 33, you're still here for me
I know you're my mom and you're supposed to be
But not everyone has a mom they can call family
You gave me everything during the times I had nothing, gave me a life jacket when I was drowning, showed me life gets better when I didn't believe, helped me get on my feet so my goals I could achieve
And now I can show my own kids how life's supposed to be

I'm sorry I put you through hell when you were just trying to help, I know I let you down more times than I can count, you always gave me love when she only gave me doubt and in the end we see how that played out, I want you to know you're the reason I found myself, the reason I feel whole and not a hollow shell, that peace within when I want to scream and shout and imma sing this song for you out loud and let you know I'm proud to have a mom like you. I love you

## 2019-03-14T18:53:26.000Z - 200

I heard you're telling lies about you and I again.
Talking all that shit just to get some attention
Hopping on his dick and calling it affection
I won't say no names cause I don't need to mention

Cause we all know who you are
And we all know what you've done
Guess I need to call you out
And put you in another song

Bitch, I'm so sick of this
I use to be in love with you
But now you make me sick
Get used to it

Bitch I hate this shit
All you are is cancer
And I am finally cured of it
Staying clear of it

You used to be my wife
Back in another life
Back before you chose
To fuck my cousin that April night

I'm done with all your lies
I'm done wasting my time
On a selfish bitch who just
Wants to get drunk every night

I use to wonder how you sleep at night
But Now I know you sleep just fine
As long as someone holds you every night
You go on pretending everything's alright

Liar, liar, liar,
Light yourself on fire

I'm only here to inspire

## 2019-03-14T18:53:42.000Z - Phora

Here I go, so damn cold.I'm up late
and nobody hits up my phone,
What a joke, yeah nobody even knows
How hard it is for me to let this go.
I feel I'm losing control
of my emotions I don't wanna show
You use to be my only home
but now you're Just somebody I use to know
Back before you turned into a hoe
But we both know that was a long time ago
You deserve to be the one who's all alone
So please just get that ass up off of that throne

Thinking back was it really so bad?
Nevermind, I already know the answer to that.
It's alright, and I'll be fine,
Cause all you ever did was waste my time,
With all the lies and the shit that you hide,
Those fucking eyes I will forever despise.
That shit ain't right, guess you thought I was blind.
A Pretty face but You're so ugly on the inside,
And I don't care that you're no longer mine,
Cause compared to you,
better things won't be hard to find.
And when you find me on your mind,
And you start to realize that I'm alright,
I hope I haunt you every night.

## 2019-03-14T18:53:58.000Z - This Keystone Holiday

Verse

This year I have nothing under the tree
Except regrets about the times you had with me
Why the fuck did we even get married?
Just so you could cheat and kill me like the son we buried?

All in all I wish you well
Like straight down into hell
Back to where you came from
Back to where you belong

I'm sick of writing all these songs
Sick of staying up all night long
Sick of of feeling so damn lost
Wish our paths had never crossed

(Just stay away from me this year)

Dear santa will you grant me this one wish?

(Cause I hate your face more than anything)

Will you drop your sled right on top of this bitch?

(And this year on the holiday)

I know she's on your naughty list

(I just want you to go away)

From all the awful shit she did

I promise that's all I want this Christmas

(So just stay away)

Please Santa will you grant me this one wish?

(I hate your face)

I hope this year that I get (yeah)
everything I’m wanting
Which is you wrapped up in lights
Plugged in and drowning
I know it won’t be my name that you’re calling
But that’s ok cause down to hell you will be falling

## 2019-03-14T18:54:14.000Z - Winter In Hell

As the snow begins to fall

so do my hopes of us ever getting along

cause I just can’t forgive what you’ve done

you were always my favorite song

but now that song is dead and gone

Just like that time when we lost our son

And this all feels so wrong

There were lines you crossed

How do I stay strong

When I feel so lost

All I did was try

All you did was lie

never said goodbye

When you fucked that guy

No I’m not alright

And we’ll never be fine

Guess I’ll see you in anotherlife

you’re as cold as the winter is outside

the blizzard that froze over my life

On paper you’re still my wife

just not anymore in this life

Cause my wife, yea she died, when she put that knife in my back,

buried in the cemetery weather

just like that dream we once had together

Back when you always promised me forever

There never was a happy ever after

Am I getting through to you yet Stevie?

Do you not see all the shit you’ve done to me?

Are you always going to play the victim

when I was never the villain?

All I did was love you, I traded my soul so I could save you,

you always wanted me to fight for you,

all I fucking did was fight for you

And with you and on and on it was all for nothing

All I wanted was for us to have a family,

you knew how much that shit meant to me.

Look what you’re doing to our daughters,

the last thing I want is for them to grow up like their mother.

I know you don’t want to hear what I have to say

but I’m so sick of feeling this way,

I’m so sick of all my thoughts being of your face,

I’m so sick of reliving all of your mistakes.

I’m so sick of losing sleep,

cause I believed all of the promises you made to me.

I never wanted to hate you,

I never wanted to write these songs about you.

But what choice did you give me

## 2019-03-14T18:54:32.000Z - Hurting

This year I really fucked things up
I wish I could say it was cause of love
chasing someone who dont give a fuck
Made bad decisions cause I wasn't enough

And it wasn't fair, the way you never cared
A weight I couldn't bare I fell into despair

## 2019-03-14T18:54:44.000Z - Based on a True Story

And I try to tell myself I don't need help.
I know you know you wanted out.
But some shit I can't get passed by myself.
It's such a shame we had to end like this.

## 2019-03-14T18:54:57.000Z - Last Transmission

This is the last time I'll ever write to you .
This is the last time I'll ever sing for you.
This is the last time I'll ever cry for you.
This is the last time I'll hurt because of you.
This is the last time I'll hate myself for you.
This is the last time I'll blame myself for you.
This is the last time I'll kill myself over you.
This is the last time I'll be consumed by you.

It's all said and done, you chose to run and I'm fucked up,
feels like I don't belong, It all feels wrong, you want me dead and gone.
And It's been so long that I have seen the sun,
Cause to me you were my only one,
but now you only live in this song.

Gave all of my love but it wasn't enough
Gave all that I had but I'm still not enough
Gave up who I was still wasn't enough
When push comes to shove you always give up

Where did I go wrong? What did I do wrong?
Why can't I move on? Why can't I be strong?

Every day is the same, every days a fucking waste
Every day, I hate everything that I can't change
Every day I awake to the pain in my heart and my brain
Reminding me that you're ok without me and I don't feel the same.
No I don't feel the same, no I won't feel the same, even though I know that you won't change,
I still love you the same cause that's what I'm supposed to do for you, guess I'm just supposed to hurt for you.

I'm sorry you don't know what love is, I'm sorry that you can't see how good you had it, and now I've finally had it, you stabbed me in the back and you laughed as you did it.
Turned me into a joke, a sad boy who talks about hanging himself with a rope,
and you wanted to see me climb the tallest tree and dangle off of it for the world to see, I cannot believe that's how you felt about me,
after everything we've been through
you still can't see how much I hurt over you?
How many nights I lost sleep over you?
How many texts that I sent that just went unread? Replaying those thoughts in my head, alone in my bed, haunted by the shit you said, now I'm seeing red cause I'm a fucking mess and I'm full of stress because I can't eat and I can't sleep and all I think is how I'd rather sink into the earth and be part of the dirt where I can no longer hurt.

This is the last time I'll ever write to you.
This is the last time I'll ever sing for you.
I don't deserve to ever feel like this,
you don't deserve to ever be missed.

## 2019-03-14T18:55:20.000Z - It's about time I Dig Myself out of the Grave You Left Me in

it's about time I move on with my life so I can begin again.
Life is what you make it and you made mine hell,
But I am still alive and I'm doing well
The way you left me made me wanna kill myself
But my friends and family saved me and I got some help.

It's about time that I see you for all the things that you really are.
It's about time that I shut that door and get a divorce, it's not that hard.
You were never there for me, you know it's true,
Always ran away when I needed you.
And now that I want no part of you,
I'm writing you off, singing out fuck you.

Move on, move along, get the fuck out of my way
I got big plans these days and I'm gonna be great
Don't care what you say, cause all you are is fake
And two faced, stabbed me in the back and put me in a grave now your apologies are too late

## 2019-03-14T18:55:34.000Z - #LGFU

Let's get fucked up
Off of drunk love
Fill these cups up
Can't get enough

Let's get so fucked up
that we can fly
Pop some Addy's
Well chase it with the high

Hi,
bitch bye.
No longer need you by my side
cuz I'm coming down
from this cloud
and I'm never going
to need you now

I stroll into the party like I fucking own it
Sippin that bicardi as my homies roll in
Fuck a gold chain fuck your gold teeth
I got a fucking strut to put all eyes on me
Walkin
Bitch stop talkin
Or end up in a coffin
It happens often
We ballin
Ballin
I think yo mommas callin
So stop talkin
Get to walkin

Let's get fucked up
Off of drunk love
Fill these cups up
Can't get enough

Let's get so fucked up
that we can fly
Pop some Addy's
Well chase it with the high

Hi,
bitch bye.
No longer need you by my side
cuz I'm coming down
from this cloud
and I'm never going
to need you now

Walk into the club like I just don't give a fuck
Got my Entourage and we gonna fuck shit up
Grab your friends and let's get drunk
Keep the bottles coming like you will be when I'm done

I'm a bad dude and yous a bad bitch
You Got that booty like a fuckin scratch and sniff
Light it up and take a hit
Nobody better than who you fucking with

Party all night till the sunrise
All these lines got me feeling so right
Man I'm so high, girl you so fly
put your body on my body baby all night

## 2019-03-14T18:55:52.000Z - Winter In Hell

Verse
Outro

As the snow begins to fall
so do my hopes of us ever getting along
cause I just can’t forgive what you’ve done
you were always my favorite song

but now that song is dead and gone
Just like that time when we lost our son
And this all feels so wrong
There were lines you crossed
How do I stay strong
When I feel so lost
All I did was try
All you did was lie
never said goodbye
When you fucked that guy
No I’m not alright
And we’ll never be fine
Guess I’ll see you in anotherlife

you’re as cold as the winter is outside
the blizzard that froze over my life
On paper you’re still my wife
just not anymore in this life
Cause my wife, yea she died, when she put that knife in my back,

buried in the cemetery weather
just like that dream we once had together
Back when you always promised me forever
There never was a happy ever after

Am I getting through to you yet Stevie?
Do you not see all the shit you’ve done to me?
Are you always going to play the victim
when I was never the villain?

All I did was love you, I traded my soul so I could save you,
you always wanted me to fight for you,
all I fucking did was fight for you
And with you and on and on it was all for nothing

All I wanted was for us to have a family,
you knew how much that shit meant to me.
Look what you’re doing to our daughters,
the last thing I want is for them to grow up like their mother.

I know you don’t want to hear what I have to say
but I’m so sick of feeling this way,
I’m so sick of all my thoughts being of your face,
I’m so sick of reliving all of your mistakes.

I’m so sick of losing sleep,
cause I believed all of the promises you made to me.
I never wanted to hate you,
I never wanted to write these songs about you.
But what choice did you give me

Copyright © 2018, iPhone

## 2019-03-14T18:56:11.000Z - The Crow

Verse
This is my story to tell And I will tell it well
So that one day our daughters will see
What really happened between you and me
Cause I know you better than you think I do
How you believe your own stories when they’re not true
Or how you mislead the world to believe I never loved you
How you stabbed me in the back and dug me my own grave
So you could be with that fuckboy and there wouldn’t be shit I could say

I bet you never thought I’d climb out from your cemetery
Guess next time you should make sure the dead stay buried
Cause now me you and Tyler have a score to settle
And I ain’t got shit to lose since I traded my soul for yours to the devil

Yea him and I made a deal a few years back, cause I was doing everything I could to try and save you
Cause I loved you and I gave you everything that I knew how to, and if that meant after this life I had to live without you, well at least I could enjoy the rest of this life spent with you.

Funny how things turned out, funny how you laughed when I hit the ground, funny how you felt so proud to see me drown
in all the tears I cried, day after day, night after night,
Gasping for air, grasping for light

and I wanted to give up because I couldn’t live with the fact I was never enough,
I almost let myself go back to hell with the devil and my soul.

But something pulled me up out of that grave, something told me I couldn’t let you get away with all the crimes you committed along the way,

Verse
This is my story to tell And I will tell it well
So that one day our daughters will see
What really happened between you and me
Cause I know you better than you think I do
How you believe your own stories when they’re not true
Or how you mislead the world to believe I never loved you
How you stabbed me in the back and dug me my own grave
So you could be with that fuckboy and there wouldn’t be shit I could say
I bet you never thought I’d climb out from your cemetery
Guess next time you should make sure the dead stay buried
Cause now me you and Tyler have a score to settle
And I ain’t got shit to lose since I traded my soul for yours to the devil
Yea him and I made a deal a few years back, cause I was doing everything I could to try and save you
Cause I loved you and I gave you everything that I knew how to, and if that meant after this life I had to live without you, well at least I could enjoy the rest of this life spent with you.
Funny how things turned out, funny how you laughed when I hit the ground, funny how you felt so proud to see me drown in all the tears I cried, day after day, night after night,
Gasping for air, grasping for light and I wanted to give up because I couldn’t live with the fact I was never enough, I almost let myself go back to hell with the devil and my soul. But something pulled me up out of that grave, something told me I couldn’t let you get away with all the crimes you committed along the way,

cause karma doesn’t always come for the bad ones, and judging by your actions I knew your killing spree had just begun. So I took it upon myself to be the karma that evades you and know that this time ain’t shit that’s going to save you, cause I’m coming to collect on what you took from me, there ain’t shit you can do to stop me cause I’m hellbent on revenge and when the time comes for me to go back to hell, I’m taking you with me and I’m trading your soul back for mine cause I know to the devil yours is worth a lot more than mine. So for now I hope this message is loud and clear. The truth will be set free soon enough my dear. Better pack your shit and move to the next planet cause your time here is over once everyone knows who you really are, call me karma, call me asshole call me your biggest regret. But it won’t change a thing when you get to the place where your meant.

Copyright © 2018, iPhone

## 2019-03-14T21:02:07.000Z - Rap

Verse
Woke up to another day
But everything still the same
All I feel is pain all I am is suffering
Doesn’t matter if it’s sunny or it rains

Verse
Ok here I go just wanna tell you that I love you fore I’m through cause I don’t know what to do I’m so god damn lost without you don’t know why I even care cause you’re not even here you’re with that piece of shit that I can’t stand a pathetic excuse for a man and you don’t give a damn so why should I?

Verse
It’s been 55 days since you left me here
55 days I’ve been fucked up you don’t care

Verse
Dear whoever if your listening than I’m sorry to bother you with all my fucking problems but I don’t know how to solve them and I don’t know who I am cause I got lost inside a lie and I just wanna die

Verse
My life’s a mess like my room and my bed
Like the thoughts up in my head that tell me Id be better dead and all those words you said got me seeing red got me so full of regret that I just want to forget you and everything you ever meant

Verse
They say hell is what you make it but I never created this,

Verse
From time to time (yea)
you’re still on my mind (yea)
I’ve been doing fine
but we both know that’s a lie
cause when I think of you
I still fucking cry
You took away my life
And you left me here to die
When you were my wife
You fucked another guy
Staying out every night
Drinking and getting high
Starting shit and causin fights
And that shit wasn’t right

This shit just wasn’t fair
Knowing you don’t even care
Knowing you’d rather be there
Than coming back here

You were everything to me
And you’re still in all my dreams
Only now you’re haunting me
So these days I don’t even sleep
And I can’t even breathe
Got so much fucking anxiety
I feel like it’s choking me
Fuck you both you’re dead to me

Copyright © 2018, iPhone

## 2019-03-14T21:02:22.000Z - Its Always the Ones We Love the Most that Betray Us

Verse

Verse
I’ve been such a sad soul, I know.
Stay up late every night losing control
Watching my life pass by all alone
And the status of my future unknown

I’ve become so bitter, so cold
My heart is now made of snow
Every beat pumps out an icy flow
Until everything around me is froze

Been trying for months now to let you go
You buried me alive six feet down below
All I am now is a dim glow casting shadows
A hollow shell with no place I can call home

I’ve lost so much I’ve got nothing to show
I worked so hard to build everything you stole

Verse

Verse

I’m takin my time I’m takin what’s mine
Rebuilding my life one day at a time
Telling myself I don’t need help
Need nobody else to fix

Cause I’m just a ghost of my old self,
floating through life like I’m just dust on a shelf,
I know you think writing these songs just wont help
but you’ll never know what I felt
when I had been giving the cards that I was dealt.

I write these songs cause they are my stories to tell,
like that day back in May when I had lost all hope in myself, cause if my own wife didn’t want me
than why would anyone else?

Copyright © 2018, iPhone

## 2019-03-14T21:02:37.000Z - The Anniversary

Custom
Will this always keep ending the same?
Can we change? Can we move past our mistakes? What will it take?
How much more of our hearts have to break?
Should we just give up? Should we just quit, say enough is enough and fuck this shit?

I’ll never give up on you,
but you don’t see the hell im going through, I’m doing my best and I feel at times you could care less
We’re both a mess, I want you
but you want me to confess
all of my crimes during that awful time
in our lives

What’s done is done,
we can’t change the past,
but a constant reminder of it
will only prove that we won’t last

We are more than our mistakes
More than the times we have failed
You know I’ll do whatever it takes
As long as your ship hasn’t sailed
It takes effort from both of us
Relationships won’t work without trust
I still see the good inside of you
Can you see the good inside me too?

I share an equal blame,
50% of the overall pain,
half of our mistakes,
Shit I can’t explain

We both need to change
We both need comfort when our eyes begin to rain
We both need to release the negativity from our brain
We both need to stop washing all the good down the drain

I can’t live thinking I am the sole cause to all of this
In this story we are both victims and villains
I’m no better than you, you’re no worse than me.
I just don’t know what the fuck to do,
I can’t make you see what you don’t want to.
I can’t keep taking all the punches you threw
I can’t take what’s been broken and make it new.
So what do I do? What do I do with this life of me and you?

Custom
Will this always keep ending the same?
Can we change? Can we move past our mistakes? What will it take?
How much more of our hearts have to break?
Should we just give up? Should we just quit, say enough is enough and fuck this shit?

I’ll never give up on you,
but you don’t see the hell im going through, I’m doing my best and I feel at times you could care less
We’re both a mess, I want you
but you want me to confess
all of my crimes during that awful time
in our lives

What’s done is done,
we can’t change the past,
but a constant reminder of it
will only prove that we won’t last

We are more than our mistakes
More than the times we have failed
You know I’ll do whatever it takes
As long as your ship hasn’t sailed
It takes effort from both of us
Relationships won’t work without trust
I still see the good inside of you
Can you see the good inside me too?

I share an equal blame,
50% of the overall pain,
half of our mistakes,
Shit I can’t explain

We both need to change
We both need comfort when our eyes begin to rain
We both need to release the negativity from our brain
We both need to stop washing all the good down the drain

I can’t live thinking I am the sole cause to all of this
In this story we are both victims and villains
I’m no better than you, you’re no worse than me.
I just don’t know what the fuck to do,
I can’t make you see what you don’t want to.
I can’t keep taking all the punches you threw
I can’t take what’s been broken and make it new.
So what do I do? What do I do with this life of me and you?

Custom
Will this always keep ending the same?
Can we change? Can we move past our mistakes? What will it take?
How much more of our hearts have to break?
Should we just give up? Should we just quit, say enough is enough and fuck this shit?

I’ll never give up on you,
but you don’t see the hell im going through, I’m doing my best and I feel at times you could care less
We’re both a mess, I want you
but you want me to confess
all of my crimes during that awful time
in our lives

What’s done is done,
we can’t change the past,
but a constant reminder of it
will only prove that we won’t last

We are more than our mistakes
More than the times we have failed
You know I’ll do whatever it takes
As long as your ship hasn’t sailed
It takes effort from both of us
Relationships won’t work without trust
I still see the good inside of you
Can you see the good inside me too?

I share an equal blame,
50% of the overall pain,
half of our mistakes,
Shi

## 2019-03-14T21:04:07.000Z - Just Take a Breath and Introduce Yourself

You're not worthless you don't need no help
Show them you are more than what meets the eye
Let everyone know that now is your time

To shine like the star
that you are
No one else
will go as far
To overcome
what's been so hard
You've come such a long way
From where you were yesterday
Now everything has changed
You're no longer standing in place

So follow me into the morning light
Let me show you what it feels like
To have somebody you love by your side
Cause now it's time for us to shine

## 2019-03-14T21:04:20.000Z - This One Goes out to My Wife

I'm still writing songs about you, alright?
We tried so many times but
You could never get it right

You looked me in my eyes
Every time you told a lie
Said you ain't got shit to hide
But the truth I always find
You think I must be blind

you've done this so many times
That you think that it's alright
But you damn well it's not right
How can you be just fine
With giving him everything that used to be mine?

you were my whole life,
you were all I ever wanted,
Now you leave me haunted

## 2019-03-14T21:04:44.000Z - Cut Me Off, Cut Me off

From your life support I have been on.
I know you'll miss me when I'm gone.
You had your chance, now I'm saying so long,
Cause you know what you did was wrong,
Had me so pissed, I wrote about it in every song.
You held me back when I tried to move on
And In my life is where you no longer belong

See ya later hopefully never
I mean that shit forever
These ties will be severed
I hope that you remember
That cold day in November
You thought you were clever
Till the truth came in December

I'm on on my way to a better place
Don't need you anymore
And God damn that feels great
Don't care what you say
Stupid hoe know your place
I don't need you anymore
And that's for damn sure
Told you I'd make it on my own
And I'mma do it all alone
I'mma be the brightest star
See me shining from a far

You're the mother of my kids
But I don't give a shit
Cause you know what you did

## 2019-03-14T21:05:52.000Z - God Damn It's Hard to Be Sober

When all you did was fuck me over
I just want to move forward
I don't even need no closure

Yous a hoe, least now I know
You reap what you sew
Ain't got shit to show
But I learn and I grow
I'mma do it all alone
I'mma do it on my own
No more checking my phone
Leave you at the dial tone

## 2019-03-14T21:06:41.000Z - Ridin

Ridin
Intro
5am drive riding passenger side
with my bro in control of where we go
City lights out of view now its country side
Swerve to miss pot holes on these back roads
Light up a red, take a hit as we vibe
To logic cranked up on the stereo
Redbull in effect as we talk about life
Cause right now it's all we know
Verse
This shit is crazy, how'd we end up in this mess?
I don't know what I'd do without you to help me get through it.
It's a shame the ones we love gotta change
but you and I we always stay the same,
we make our own way
and break the rules to life's game
Fuck the pain, feelings fade, but memories remain, I won't let you forget my name, hope it drives you insane, caught up in your brain till you can't feel a thing

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:06:50.000Z - Been A Minute

Been A Minute
Intro
Long days and sad nights
are all I know about my life,
stuck in this fucking rut,
out in the dark without any light
Out sight, out of mind, out of time
Got left behind, in my demise what a crime

You stole my soul and left me alone
So I'm sorry if it's hard for me to let that go
I'm in the hell you left me in
But I'm not dead yet
I'm coming back for vengeance
And I'm not leaving till I get it

I won't let you get away with this
I'll put you on every billboard
till you admit what you did
And admit you thought
you'd get away with it

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:07:25.000Z - Still Salty

Still Salty
Intro
I had this bitch who broke my heart over a year ago
I never thought I'd ever lose myself to another hoe
I don't know what I was thinking guess I wasn't though
I do know I am better off on my own

Either way, you still a hoe,
I hope that you know,
you'll regret this down the road,
And everywhere that you go.
I know your heart is froze .
When did hell get so cold.
Was it before or after you sold
your own soul.

you were my wife but now you a ghost
My whole life and what I wanted most

Bitch it's a shame you went from housewife to fake ass hoe. Time to let you go, just make sure you know not to come back here anymore while I spit that flow

I gave all my love, emptied my cup and it never was enough, yeah my life sucks, I've had it rough, guess that's just my luck. down in the dumps, I felt so stuck, but now I'm out this rut, and you still just a shitty fuck, somebody else's slut, and you won't be enough, that's karma bitch, don't it suck? get used to it, cause I don't give a fuck.

## 2019-03-14T21:08:07.000Z - Moving On

Moving On
Verse
Take it for spin baby let's begin.
Doing all the shit that we said we would.
I've been out of my own mind for too long.
I've been down, I've been trying to pick myself off the ground.
Yeah you know it, bitch you know it.
I'm back to myself!

I just wanted you to know,
that I am letting go.
And i need you to tell me now that your moving on, M-M-Moving on and don't ever come back this way again.
Cause I'm better off alone

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:08:38.000Z - Vibe With Me

Vibe With Me
Verse
Girl just vibe with me for awhile
I just wanna see that pretty smile
Let's take a selfie and make it go viral
Maybe Someday watch you walk down the aisle

Nobody gets me like you do
I feel so happy you ain't gotta clue
I just wanna hold you
girl let me show You
I just want to love you
Like nobodys ever loved you

Put your body on me
Take your time just vibe with me

You steal the breath right out of me
You make me feel like I am finally free
You are perfect you're in all my dreams
You are the light in my life honestly

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:09:04.000Z - Dont Care Anymore

Dont Care Anymore
Intro
You're talking to me like you think I really give a shit
But baby your words go unheard cause I'm sick of it
You had me going crazy thinking that I ruined this
I couldn't sleep cause all my dreams had you up in it

now I realize through all the fucking lies
that you're a selfish bitch cuz you made me wanna die and all I did was cry why you out every night fucking that other guy that shit ain't right

I already told you I'm done with you
I'm done with all the shit you do
you fucked me over one too many times
and now this time we're through

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:09:36.000Z - I Don't Know what to Say

Or how I ended up in this grave.
I'll take the blame,
Just add it to the pain.
Don't mean to complain,
Cause there's nothing I can change.
It's all the same at the end of the day.

Down on myself
I treat those who care like hell
It isn't fair and I'm sorry
Keep thinking you're all better off without me

I just wanna smile again
Without having to pretend

I wanna love myself
Before anyone else

I wanna make my family proud
Instead of always letting them down

All positive goals
But I can't follow through
Everybody knows
That it's true

So what do I do
When I'm feeling blue
Sick of being used
And lied too
No longer want the truth
want nothing more to do with you

So tired of this negative attitude
I want to show some gratitude
Cause that's some shit that's overdue

## 2019-03-14T21:10:05.000Z - Punk

Punk
Verse
I'mma take this pop punk and mix it with a little bit of hip hop.
I will never stop, doing what I want
cause this shit is all I got.
Don't care about your thoughts or the cars you bought or your Rolex watch or all the people you fought
cause I'm out stuntin I'm out fuckin all your bitches in the parking lot

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:10:31.000Z - Opposite

Opposite
Intro
She said "you're only really happy when your sad" so I said "you're only good in bed when your mad"

go ahead and try and hurt my feelings with all the shit you can think of to cut me in half.
I will raise the music to ceiling

I will never be what you want me to be
So you thought you would take it all from me

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:10:51.000Z - Death Roulette

Death Roulette
Intro
It's been a minute since I've been in my feelings. I hate when I get like this my mind is reeling and my anxiety growing more while I stare at the ceiling fuck these feelings

I'm so tired just need some sleep but I can't sleep cause you in all my dreams
Haunting me like a ghost
Only one that I hate the most

So imma grab my keys and I'mma drive away
100 mph down the freeway. ill hit every mother fucker that gets in my way. I ain't scared to die today

You think this is a joke You don't even know
What's it's like to feel so dead inside
Cause I'm so fucked up from all your lies

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:12:00.000Z - Forget You

forget you
Intro
It's another late night,
I tell myself I'm fine,
but I'm really not alright.
Too much on my mind,
too many things I keep inside,
that wanna come alive at night.

Who am I now that it's not me by your side?
I'd rather die, than finally realize,
you're not mine, guess I'll just get high,
only way to pass the time until the sunrise.

I feel Dead inside my Head,
Broken down and I'm a mess.
Wish I could forget we ever met,
The words you said "we were never meant"
Verse
Who am I now, with all this doubt
I carry around?
It weighs me down.
I'm so fucked up right now,
Think I'll take the nearest exit out.

Are you waiting for a sign that I cannot forget you?

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T21:13:11.000Z - Just Another Sad Song

Just Another Sad Song
Verse
This is just another sad song,
Maybe somebody out there can relate?
This year everything went wrong.
I feel like I can never catch a break.

I wish we could just get along,
But you got me filled with so much hate.
How am I supposed to be strong,
When all I have is this heartache?
Verse
I've been trying to let go.
I can't do shit when I'm this low.
Was it all a lie, guess I'll never know?
But it's true you reap what you sew.

I lay in bed but I can never sleep.
Cause your ghost is still next to me.
Even after I changed the sheets.
I can't get your shadow to leave.

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T22:59:41.000Z - You Already Know

You Already Know
Verse
I ain't trying to take it slow
I'm just doing me yeah you already know
I Don't fuck with anybody especially hoes
my hearts grown cold
and I ain't got a soul No more.
My heart is so cold
And I don't care about shit no more

RIP to the man I used to be
Congratulations to the bitch that killed me

Nobody knows what I been through
Nobody will ever know me like you
My heart had always stayed true
But now it's been poisoned by you

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T22:59:51.000Z - Losing Myself

Losing myself
Intro
I think about the times that we used to have
And looking back now it just makes me so sad and I just don't want to think about you
but you're haunting my thoughts like you always do

Yeah

I sit home all alone every night I fucking go to the worst place in my head and I would just rather forget so somebody come and fucking erase it

I don't want to be like this anymore
I don't want to feel like this anymore
I don't want to hurt just like before
I gave you everything and you still want more

I pack my clothes, gotta go, head right out the door, hop in to the fucking car

Yeah

We driving, we riding we getting the fuck up out this bitch while we getting fucking high and

I'm so tired of losing myself
I'm so exhausted I need some help
I'm so sick that you found someone else
I'm so tired of being stuck in this hell

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records

## 2019-03-14T23:00:43.000Z - Press Play

Press Play
Intro
Call me "RESET" cuz I'm always trying to fuck shit up.
I don't mean to but I guess that's always just my luck,
And that is why I wish I had a switch when I feel stuck.
So I could "HIT THE RESET" when I'm feeling not enough.

Oh God, it's time I move on,
Find somewhere I belong,
Cause everything feels wrong,
I wish we could get along,
I can never stay calm,
Take 2 hits off the bong,
bottled it up for too long,
Now put it all in a song.

Ill Tell the world my story,
And maybe somebody will hear me,
And can relate to my feelings,
Cause Music is my way of healing.

Maybe I can help them cope

Somewhere no one knows me
And maybe I can be who I wanna be

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records

## 2019-03-14T23:01:14.000Z - Lonely Nights

Lonely Nights
Intro
I've been staring at these walls for way too long. Trying to figure out just where I belong cause all I got right now is these songs, music keeps me breathing when I feel no one needs me
Verse
I'm sorry this is just another sad song
It's hard to be happy with my family gone
This depression tends to get the best of me
And one day it might end me

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T23:01:50.000Z - I Dont Wanna Fail You

I Dont Wanna Fail You
Verse
What have I done? How did I get so lost?
So many wrongs at such great cost.
I know that I have lost your trust.
And Some shit I can't out run.
I'm sorry son, For what can't be undone.

When I look at you I see the world so clearly
So I'm singing out words so you can hear me
So many times I let you down it's overbearing
You deserve so much more than
what you've been getting,
What I've been giving.
Can you forgive me?
Cause I am so sorry.

Publisher: Alone In My Room Records
Copyright ©2018 , D.Smith

## 2019-03-14T23:02:52.000Z - Bb

Bb
Intro
Woke up still drunk
Looks like I had some fun
My arms are going numb
What the hell is going on
Got these two sexy hoes layin next to me
Passed out naked with a bottle of Hennessy
This is like some shit coming straight out of my dreams
If I am still asleep than just leave me be

Copyright ©2018

## 2019-03-14T23:03:24.000Z - Confetti

Confetti
Intro
Here's a toast to all those
who fucked me over
You're the reason I'm not sober
Poppin bottles Poppin pills
Do it for the thrills
Or until it finally kills
That shits real

Cause I don't know how to deal
With all the shit I feel
I can never heal
That's real

Here's a middle finger
to the bitch who thinks I miss her
Here's another middle finger
to the hoe that broke my soul

Here's a toast to the one I hate the most
I hope you find a rope to tie around your throat when you think of me I hope you start to choke
That's about the only way I'mma let this go

Fuck me and fuck him
It's the same shit all over again
So fuck you and fuck him
I won't play this game again

Copyright ©2018

## 2019-03-14T23:04:12.000Z - Something Better

Last Time
Free Style
Guess I let my feelings get the best of me
but you can bet your ass they wont get the rest of me
cuz I got the recipe for getting better
and
it starts with me
Not doing this you for I'm doing this for me

One day at a time, I keep it all in my mind
I do what I have to so I can change my life
To make everything right so my kids will be proud
It's all I think about I won't ever let them down

I'm sorry if I hurt you.
Never meant to hurt you.
I will make it up to you.
Gonna fix it all for you.
Cause I'm done I'm done, being who I was.
And this time, this time I will be enough.

I'm sorry if I hurt you.
Never meant to hurt you.
Cause I'm done I'm done, being who I was.
And this time, this time I will be enough.

Copyright ©2018

## 2019-03-14T23:05:02.000Z - Ender

Separation
Intro
Most days I just stay in bed
Cause I get stuck inside my head
And I think about what could have been
And I haven't ever been the same since

Would anyone notice if I was gone?
Cause I really feel like I dont belong
When everyone tells me I'm wrong
Cause I never wanted to move on

Maybe I should leave to give you some peace,
if that's what you think is what's best for me.
Who cares if I sink, when you won't see,
all the fucking pain and all the suffering

Copyright ©2018

## 2019-03-15T03:11:55.000Z - Life Support

Cut me off, cut me off,
From your life support I have been on.
I know you'll miss me when I'm gone.
You had your chance, now I'm saying so long,
Cause you know what you did was wrong,
Had me so pissed, I wrote about it in every song.
You held me back when I tried to move on
And In my life is where you no longer belong

See ya later hopefully never
I mean that shit forever
These ties will be severed
I hope that you remember
That cold day in November
You thought you were clever
Till the truth came in December

I'm on on my way to a better place
Don't need you anymore
And God damn that feels great
Don't care what you say
Stupid hoe know your place
I don't need you anymore
And that's for damn sure
Told you I'd make it on my own
And I'mma do it all alone
I'mma be the brightest star
See me shining from a far

You're the mother of my kids
But I don't give a shit
Cause you know what you did

## 2019-03-15T03:14:20.000Z - Wtf

Man Ive tried so hard
Wtf
Verse
I'm still losing
Even though I have come so far
From where I was
A year ago
And maybe that's ok
Cause every day I'm tryna grow
I'm tryna fucking change
These problems never go away

Into the night I'll fade
I know you won't stay
Don't know what I should say
When it doesn't matter anyway
Guess these dreams I'll fucking chase
With these demons I can't face
So Put me in my place and
Rid my heart from all this hate
Chorus
Sorry for all the shit I said
My emotions control my head
Which let my anger come off as hatred
Never meant for you to be disrespected

What have I done
I'm sorry mom
I know I was wrong
For the pain I caused

Wish I could take it back
So I would not react
Like the way I fucking did
I hope you know that

## 2019-03-15T03:16:40.000Z - Nobody Knows

Nobody Knows
Verse
Hold up let me clear my mind right now
Hold on I just need some time right now
Hold me cause I don't want to drown
Hold my feet so I stay on the ground

I'm telling you now with the words I say
Please sit down you need to stay
These fucking nightmares always haunt me each and every day
I need to get away cause I can't even think straight
don't want no part of your games cause I refuse to play

so you better get away from me before I make you fade

Copyright ©2018

## 2019-03-15T03:17:12.000Z - Ending

Free Style
Ending
Guess this is where our story ends.
No more chapters, nothing left to append.
You will never love me again.
And I can't help who I am.
This was never what we planned.
Now I'm somebody you can't stand.
Guess that's why you packed up and ran
And found comfort in another man
Wish I could turn back the time
So I could get some chapters right
I would choose to listen instead of fight
And there would be no ending to write
What's done is done and I can't go back
Every new day was killed by the past
Couldn't let go but you held on fast
To each and every reason we won't last
Chorus
I know I gotta let you go
You moved on and I'm alone
I feel like I lost my soul
In my chest there's a giant hole
You've been my only home
You're all I see you're all I know
We were supposed to grow old
I went all in, you chose to fold
Left me out in the cold
And with you went all my hope
I'm sinking to the unknown
If you still care than please dont
I just hope that you know
You must reap what you sew

Copyright ©2018

## 2019-03-15T03:19:16.000Z - Fading

Fading
Chorus
I can see the tail lights fading
And my heart its breaking
Wish that you were here staying
Memories of you and me replaying
Verse
Sitting all alone
And I wonder where you're at.
What's going through your head?
Are you ever coming back?
I dont know how to live
Without you and that's a fact.
I just hope you know
That ive never been this sad

You tell me that you love me
But you don't even care
After all this time together
This aint even fair
All my family loved you
We were the perfect pair
Now you're leaving me
With a weight I cannot bare

Copyright ©2018

## 2019-03-15T03:19:27.000Z - The Last Letter I'll Write to You as My Wife

Hey Stevie, are you out there?
Can you hear me? Am I loud and clear?

How have you been? Is everything ok? Did you find love again? Is your life better this way?

Do you smile more? Do you cry less?
Is your mind at war? Are you feeling stressed?

What's new with you? Are you different now? Have you found yourself??

Can you sleep at night? Do you ever think of me? Does he treat you right? Are you really happy?

Did you find yourself? Do you smile more? Do you have regrets? Did you find what you were looking for?
Do you ever look back? Do you ever second guess? ? Am I still second best?

Do you remember that night at B&N back in November when we first met? You pulled me close so you could kiss me I was so nervous I couldn't breath.

Looking back now what would you have changed? Would you still love me or would I be erased? I hope you know I'll always miss your face, I hope you'd find live in yourself some day

Honestly for me, I wouldn't change a thing, I'd travel back in time to relive every memory. Maybe then you'd see, how much you meant to me and maybe then you'd never have given up on me. But that's just a fantasy that I'd much rather believe cause sometimes the painful thought of reality is just too unbearable for me. I hope youre happy, I hope you found yourself this time, I'm sorry that I was boring

You always wanted me to chase you well look what I'm doing
You always wanted a song so just listen to what I'm singing

You said I only cared after it was too late
But baby I cared about you every single day
I hope you don't ever forget about me
cuz I don't want to be a forgotten memory
I wish things could have been different maybe they still could be but we'll never know cuz that's something you refuse to believe. This is your song, one I hope that you'll sing. I wish we could have had a better ending. You'll always be my favorite melody, you'll always live inside these harmonies. I love you forever and always, till death do us part whether you're buried beside me

I've been trying to let go of you, inside I'm dying cause I don't want to

I know we don't speak unless you need something from me. I miss you every day that's fucking sad to say. Guess this marriage meant something but you it meant nothing

Baby I'm sorry it took so long, I know you're gone but please don't move on, please hang on, I feel so lost this all feels wrong.

Tell me I'm still sleeping, tell me that I'm just dreaming and when the morning comes you'll be wrapped up in the blankets with me

Tell me you still love me, tell me I'm not crazy
Tell me it's not the end, tell me we're still a family,
tell me everything is still the same, tell me we didn't get divorced and you still have my last name.
Please wake me up from this hell
you promised me forever, this can't be real
Baby is this real? Are you really gone?
Are we out of touch? Did our signals get lost?
Oh God reality is setting in, this is it, this is the end. The end of everything that had anything to do with you and me. Baby I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. You're too far out of reach, I can't see you, I can't feel you, I can't hold you. Where are you, who are you now? Are you out there? Can you hear me? How did we lose touch? How did you get to where you're at? Oh God this is the end, I feel my heart sinking in, I know I have to let you go but I don't know how, you're all I know, where do I go? What will I do without you? Who am I when I'm without you? Baby I'm sorry, I'm losing my grip, I know this is the end. Goodbye my love, this time I accept the truth, I'll sign those papers on the dotted line and begin a new life without you.

There's no more time, I'll see you in anotherlife

Baby I'm sorry, baby please don't leave
Come and rescue me, like that song we use to sing,

Baby I'm struggling, baby I'm drowning I must be dreaming you said you'd never leave me

This can't be real, please wake me up
Please tell me we're still in love
I'm in our room but where are you?
This is our house but it's empty now

Get me out of this place, I can't be awake grab my hand and show me the way
I can't see your face this is a mistake
What about fate? you're my soulmate

Don't let me go, please don't let me go
Where are you? why can't you hear me?
If this is a dream than why am I not sleeping?
Why am I back at our first house? Why is there no trace of you here? This is a dream
I'm just walking in my sleep. None of this is real, I'm back in Marshall at 816, I'm upstairs asleep, trapped inside a dream I have to be please baby wake me up, I've never been so lost. Give me a sign that you're alright, tell me we're fine, tell me you're here by my side, tell me I'm in a coma from the other night there was an accident and I'm trapped inside

Nothing makes sense, memories of another life keep flashing by but that can't be right because I see you with some other guy and I see myself alone at night, it looks like we don't even talk anymore, why do we not speak to eachot...

## 2019-03-15T07:05:37.000Z - Tell Me what You're Thinking

Yeah I've been here before,
Locked up in my room,
Face first on the floor
Thinking of me and you

We got stuck in a cycle
We been lost for awhile
Both caught up in denial
While our hearts are put on trial

Tell me what you thinking
When you kill the pain by drinking
While that ship keeps sinking

And he's right next to you sleeping
Why can't you just leave him?
You don't need him.

He's no good for you, he ain't me it's true
Don't know what to do, all I want is you and you and you and you and you.

Yeah, we've been here before
These feelings never fade
Let's choose a different door
It's time for us to change

Cause every time I see your face
It makes my heart beat race
And I just want you here to stay
Take my hand, let's runaway

Tell me what you thinking
When it's late and you're not sleeping
And you caught up in your feelings

Cause inside my heart I'm reaching
I just want you here with me
I want you to need me

## 2019-03-15T10:40:53.000Z - Where Do We Begin after Our Last Chapter Ends?

Can we start again or at least just be friends?

Cause I don't know where to go without you
And I just can't ever seem to let go of you
With everything we've been through, I still love you, that's the truth

## 2019-03-21T10:03:46.000Z - On My Mind

Late nights, always on my mind
Am I in yours like you're in mine?
Don't know how to spend my time
Without you here right by my side

Don't wanna let you go
Girl just hit my phone
I know you're not alone
Tell that lame it's time to go
You're my only home
I know you know
Call my phone
It's time to go

Take me back to just you and me
Back to the way it's supposed to be
Back when I was your everything
Back when you were my queen

## 2019-03-22T07:32:57.000Z - This Might Be the Last time You Hear from Me

I love this music shit but it's no longer helping
And honestly, I'm so sick of all my feelings
I'm sick of singing, sick of thinking, I lost the meaning

So where will I go from here?
I don't know but won't be here
What will I do now, guess I'll figure it out
Time to find myself, maybe get some help
Put my dreams back on the shelf
Cause you're with someone else
Yeah I think this must be hell

Shut the light off, lock the door
Pack my shit up, can't take no more
Sell all my shit, don't need it anymore
Cause I just quit, no need to mourn

I'd be lying, if I said I didn't spend every night crying, wonder why I'm still trying,

## 2019-03-22T07:55:28.000Z - Departure

This is my exit scene as this chapter ends and a new one begins.
This is my farewell, as I start to transition myself into somebody else
New name, new clothes, new bio I suppose
Cause that last story got a little old

## 2019-03-22T09:40:48.955Z - #Georgie

https://ift.tt/2HPHOXp

## 2019-03-22T23:13:00.000Z - Still on that Same Shit

Different day shit
All the same shit
Nothings changed shit

I wanna quit cause I'm so fuckin of this shit
Pull the plug I've had enough I'm done with it

## 2019-03-23T19:01:13.000Z - Been Writing in This Diary since the Day You Left

So many thoughts and so much shit that I never said
I wish I never took for granted the time that we spent
Cause after all we been through you're still in my head

And I'm sorry that hurt you in ways I never knew,
til you hurt me too a lesson we should have never had to go through
That being said, I'm not mad at you, just mad about you, crazy about you,

## 2019-03-24T20:35:58.000Z - The Book of You and Me

I can't tell our story without you
There's my perspective but I need yours too

## 2019-04-26T00:57:17.212Z - Better

https://youtu.be/QfeOCbnKOmI

## 2019-04-26T12:57:17.293Z - Alone (Reimagined)

https://youtu.be/m7VKvIcUrlk

## 2019-04-28T02:57:19.347Z - Blast Off (Demo)

https://youtu.be/ChlWugxnklI

## 2019-04-29T23:02:54.000Z - Instead of Messaging You a Bunch of Shit You won’t Read, I’ll just Talk to You Here, when You Have time to Listen. I’m Sorry if I Stressed You out and Pushed You Away. I Understand the Situation and Everything you’ve Told Me

We went from talking all the time to hardly at all and my mind is telling me “well if I stressed you out and I pushed you away and we hardly talk and you’re down and depressed and feeling some type of way, then who is it that you vent to or talk to, to make you feel better now, if that person isn’t me?” I finally understand more clearly why you were always so jealous and insecure in the beginning, because your whole life you’ve been screwed over and nothing has worked out. Now after all the shit that we’ve been through I find myself constantly expecting the worse, worrying all the time and being jealous and insecure myself.

Back then I didn’t understand it because I had not experienced it like I have now, and instead of being understanding, I got angry and upset and chose to do stupid shit and make mistakes because of my failure to address the reasons why you felt the way you did and for that I am truly sorry.

All I ask is that, since you know what it feels like to have that worry and anxiety like I have now, that you please just try and understand why I feel the way I do and not get upset at me for feeling that way.

In a fucked-up way what I am feeling and going through is actually helped me understand you even more.

With all of that being said, I just want to know if I’m being crazy and paranoid or if you have been talking and hanging out with somebody else, whether it be at work or Cadys. I know you needed a break from everything and went there to escape and have a stress-free environment from everything but the way you ignored me the last 3 times you’ve been there just sent off every red flag I had, because of what’s happened in our past and how it made me feel.

All I wanted was a simple yes or no answer to whether or not you talked or hang out with somebody over there so I can either put my anxiety to rest and feel stupid or so that I can leave you alone to do as you please, because it’s not fair to me if you’re talkin and hanging out with somebody else when it could have been me instead. If you are talking to somebody else or want to talk to somebody else that’s fine and I understand.

I know we can’t have what we want with each other right now because of the situation. I just need somebody to talk to, I feel so alone but I don’t want to bother you cuz I don’t want to stress you out. I need to put the anxiety to rest one way or another. All I want simple yes or no to the one thing that’s holding me back right now from staying focused.

Please try and be patient and understanding with me and not angry and mad. You know what these feelings feel like and had I known how this feels 7 years ago, we wouldn’t be where we are. I paid a huge consequence for not being understanding, please don’t make the same mistakes as I did.

Tags and categories: Uncategorized
via WordPress http://bit.ly/2GRDINs
April 29, 2019 at 05:29PM

## 2019-05-02T09:41:30.929Z - May 2, 2019

Take Flight (Official Lyric Video)

https://youtu.be/UNrwakxujhE

## 2019-05-04T01:46:19.281Z - I Am a Light House

https://youtu.be/WqdaTJy8IYA

## 2019-05-06T07:28:11.565Z - 2019-05-06-032800

To The End of Time (Ft. Richard Smith)

https://youtu.be/si2iCloPLRE---

## 2019-05-10T23:50:14.449Z - Forever

https://youtu.be/XHc2BqrKuCs

## 2019-05-12T06:55:07.423Z - Maybe This Time It's Forever

https://youtu.be/3PpvRjKniRI

## 2019-05-22T02:07:04.293Z - Begin. End. Repeat

https://youtu.be/kl0rKTg3qB0

## 2019-05-27T20:16:06.417Z - Danny Phantom

https://youtu.be/MqzmvFDmCec

## 2019-05-28T18:30:47.185Z - Misunderstanding

https://youtu.be/4SspDZp0Yig

## 2019-06-01T00:11:16.244Z - Grave Digger

https://youtu.be/_CxH7f22-wo

## 2019-06-01T05:15:07.000Z - Made Hot, Sweet, and Passionate Love to My Wife Tonight. It Was Amazing and I Missed Her Kissing Me like that so Much. I Hope It's not the Last time She Wants Me in such a Passionate way

## 2019-06-02T13:22:00.000Z - 2019-06-02-092200

Love You Bro

## 2019-06-05T04:54:11.599Z - These Cough Meds Got Me Fucked Up

https://youtu.be/niPxzZcRQlg

## 2019-06-13T00:45:33.000Z - Grave Digger

This song has literally been 2 years in the making. I could never finish it cause I was either too pissed off or too depressed, I think I managed to capture everything I had envisioned for the end of this chapter in my life. I spent the last 6 hours making the video, all the artwork is mine, the house in the cemetery is the actual house I lived in. I don't really know if anyone will relate or like this but it's not for anyone but me and I feel like it's the final nail in the coffin of the last 2 years of my life.

https://youtu.be/x3gO6g5RurI

## 2019-06-14T16:46:09.950Z - Stevie Marie - To Be Announced..

https://youtu.be/ElZlZtjl2_E

## 2019-06-16T07:20:22.586Z - Let Me Down

https://youtu.be/E3vm9NdXILQ

## 2019-06-22T09:56:30.820Z - 090512

https://youtu.be/90utBuYWb3U

## 2019-06-24T07:03:11.000Z - Stevie

I know in my heart that I did the very best that I could to help repair our marriage and every time it failed I got blamed for so many things and than I blamed myself for those things as well.

I know I'm not perfect but you and I both know now that when shit got rough or I wasn't helping to get us where we needed to be fast enough you ran every time. I know I have my faults and I know you have yours. The weight of carrying that blame on myself really took its toll and it fucked me up a little more each time.

I know that I love you and that I always will, however I do not know how you really feel or if you are still in love me, truthfully I don't think you are anymore, I think you were trying to do the right thing every time and trying to see if you could love me again but you just could never feel the same as you did before and though I understand people fall out of love, it still hurts me to think that all these times we've tried to make it work, they were all for the wrong reasons on your behalf.

I know that I must focus on me and get myself right with life but no other woman will distract me from where I want to be. I have no interest or desire to talk or be with anyone new right now. That just wouldn't be right at all. It's time that you start getting right with your own life and digging deep into that beautiful soul of yours and start being honest and real with not only yourself but with everyone else.

Told you since February, that no matter what I'm going to help you and be a better father than I've ever been regardless if we are together or not. I'm getting my life together one piece at a time and I need you to be brutally honest with me on how you really feel about me and whether you could ever love me or be with me again. The truth has never hurt me more then a lie.

## 2019-07-05T03:53:22.000Z - Me and Stevie Officially Started Dating

## 2019-07-20T03:57:51.000Z - Stevie and I Got in a Fight and She Went home and Slept with Tyler than Started a Relationship with Him Again Lol

## 2019-07-27T00:04:25.000Z - 2019-07-26-080400

Go Kart Racing With My Sons

## 2019-07-27T02:20:00.000Z - 2019-07-26-102000

Everett’s Birthday

## 2019-09-05T18:51:36.351Z - SEVEN

https://youtu.be/yqU2ch2nfGI

## 2019-09-06T01:00:32.076Z - J's Bday

Start: September 5, 2019 at 09:00PM
End: September 5, 2019 at 10:00PM
Location:
Link: https://ift.tt/2MWVAuD

## 2019-11-17T04:01:02.443Z - Our First Date 2011

Start: November 16, 2019 at 11:00PM
End: November 17, 2019 at 12:00AM
Location:
Link: https://ift.tt/2QrRf3Q

## 2019-12-16T01:02:07.000Z - Me and Stevie Started Talking Again and Dating

## 2019-12-16T10:17:22.914Z - Legends-Juice Wrld (Cover)

RIP

https://youtu.be/VGGy2HM8xrw

## 2019-12-22T01:00:08.000Z - Day I Officially Quit Meth and Adderall

## 2019-12-30T01:02:28.000Z - Me and Stevie Broke Up, She Started Talking to Tyler Again
